knowledge|prompt|model_response|original_response|gt_response
Dylan's Candy Bar is a chain of boutique candy shops and candy supplier currently located in New York City; East Hampton, New York; Los Angeles, Chicago and Miami Beach, as well as in wholesale venues around the globe.|I love candy, what's a good brand?|I'm not sure, but they're currently in New York City, New York, Los Angeles, and Miami Beach.|Dylan's Candy Bar is a great brand of candy|I don't know how good they are, but Dylan's Candy Bar has a chain of candy shops in various cities.
Dylan's Candy Bar is a chain of boutique candy shops and candy supplier currently located in New York City; East Hampton, New York; Los Angeles, Chicago and Miami Beach, as well as in wholesale venues around the globe.|Oh, they do? What kind of candy do they sell?|I'm not sure, but they are currently in New York City, East Hampton, and Miami Beach.|Dylan's Candy Bar is a candy supplier|I don't know, really, but they also are a supplier of candy.
It stocks 7,000 candies from around the world.|Oh I see, what kind of candy do they offer?|They have 7,000 candies from around the world.|it stocks over 7000 candies from across the world|It stocks over 7,000 candies from across the world.
It is owned by Dylan Lauren, daughter of fashion designer Ralph Lauren.|I see, do they have nougat? I love nougat!|I'm not sure, but it's owned by Dylan Lauren, the daughter of Ralph Lauren.|yes and t is owned by Dylan Lauren, daughter of fashion designer Ralph Lauren.|I couldn't really say, but they're owned by the daughter of Ralph Lauren, Dylan Lauren.
Athletes in ancient Greece were advised to consume large quantities of meat and wine.|I like to drink protein shakes before my workout.|Ah, OK. Did you know ancient Greece advised athletes to consume large quantities of meat and wine?|I'm with you. I do the same! I like to pretend I'm some sort of Greek warrior when I do it and then go train.. because athletes in ancient Greece were told to consume large amounts of meat and wine when training, haha.|What about consuming meat before your workout? In ancient Greece, athletes were told to consume a lot of meat and wine
A number of herbal concoctions and tonics have been used by strong men and athletes since ancient times across cultures to try to increase their strength and stamina.|I try eating meat as well, it totally makes sense! The meat but not really the wine!|Oh, that's nice. A number of herbal concoctions and tonics have been used by strong men and athletes since ancient times across cultures.|You know how it is, people will take anything if they're led to believe it helps them at all. People have taken herbal concoctions and tonics before--strong men/athletes--since ancient times, and this includes all cultures, just because they want an edge in strength/stamina.|Do you eat meat to increase your strength and stamina ? Athletes have used a number of tonics and concoctions to try to increase stamina and strength
In the 1910s, Eugen Sandow, widely considered to be the first modern bodybuilder in the West, advocated the use of dietary control to enhance muscle growth.|Yes, I want to be a bodybuilder|That's nice. Did you know that in the 1910s, Eugen Sandow advocated the use of dietary control?|But you have some smart, logical visionaries in there, too. Like back in the 1910s, you had Eugen Sandow, one of the first to be considered a modern bodybuilder--he advocated everyone in the Western part of the world to simply use dietary control to help out your muscle growth. Common sense does come around sometimes.|Speaking of bodybuilders, did you know that the first modern bodybuilder is widely considered to be Eugen Sandow?
Later, bodybuilder Earle Liederman advocated the use of ''beef juice'' or ''beef extract'' (basically, consomme) as a way to enhance muscle recovery.|I have never heard of him, what are some other bodybuilders ?|I'm not sure, but he advocated the use of beef juice or ''beef extract'' as a way to enhance muscle recovery.|But then you'd have people like bodybuilder Earle Liederman saying we needed to use ''beef juice'' and ''beef extract'' to enhance muscle recovery. So, it's hit or miss.|Well, I can tell you about Earle Liederman, who advocated the use of beef extract t enhance muscle recovery
In 1950s with recreational and competitive bodybuilding becoming increasingly popular Irvin P. Johnson began to popularize and market egg-based protein powders marketed specifically at bodybuilders and physical athletes.|I guess that would be some concentrated protein..|Irvin P. Johnson started to market protein powders marketed specifically at bodybuilders and physical athletes in the 1950s.|There may be some reasoning to it. I guess if it's not harmful, what's the worst that could happen, right? Irvin P. Johnson, a competitive bodybuilder from the 1950s, around the time when that stuff was becoming really popular, he popularized egg-based protein powders. Probably not far off from what we see now. And then since the '70s and '80s, the market has just increased dramatically for bodybuilding supplements.|Speaking of protein, did you know that egg-based protein powders began to be popularized by Irvin P. Johnson in the 1950s
Green is the color between blue and yellow on the visible spectrum.|My favorite color is green.  I love Money, green lights when i am driving, and the color of plants.  Green is fantastic!!!|Cool, did you know that green is between yellow and blue on the visible spectrum?|Green is great! it is between blue and yellow on the visible spectrum.|Well, that's cool. It is between yellow and blue on the visible spectrum.
It is evoked by light which has a dominant wavelength of roughly 495570 nm.|Yes it is. It is also the color of Emeralds, and sometimes the color of camouflage.|Oh, that's nice. It's evoked by light, which has a dominant wavelength of 495570 nm.|I have read it has a dominant wavelength of roughly 495570 nm.|The dominant wavelength of green is around 495570 nm.
Many creatures have adapted to their green environments by taking on a green hue themselves as camouflage.|Hmmm that is very interesting.  It is also the national color of Ireland, the dress that the Mona Lisa is wearing, the benches in the british house of commons, and the color of the banner of Islam.|I see, did you know that many creatures have adapted to their green environments?||Many creatures have adapted to their green environments by using green to blend in.
In the Middle Ages and Renaissance, green was the color commonly associated with merchants, bankers and the gentry, while red was reserved for the nobility.|Yes, that is camouflage.  It is the color most closely associated with spring, nature, health, youth, hope and envy.  i love green. It is so versatile.|That's nice. In the Middle Ages, green was associated with merchants, bankers, and the gentry.|green was the color commonly associated with merchants, bankers. So it was a color of the common man.|Thanks for the information. Did you know that in the Middle Ages and in the Renaissance, green was associated with bankers and merchants?
By far the largest contributor to green in nature is chlorophyll, the chemical by which plants photosynthesize and convert sunlight into chemical energy.|That makes sense! Here in the good old USA, it is the color of the Green party, who is associated with advocating environmental protection and social justice.|That's interesting. The chemical by which plants photosynthesize and convert sunlight into chemical energy.|By far though  the largest contributor to green in nature is chlorophyl|By far, though, the largest contributor to green in nature is chlorophyl.
The first match of American football was played on November 6, 1869, between two college teams, Rutgers and Princeton, under rules based on the association football rules of the time.|It's almost the best time of year. the first kickoff of American Football season.|I see, did you know that the first American football match was played on November 6, 1869?||And to just think; the first match of American football was played on November 6, 1869!
The first match of American football was played on November 6, 1869, between two college teams, Rutgers and Princeton, under rules based on the association football rules of the time.|I'm sure it's a complete different game then it is today. The year the Detroit Lions will win the super bowl.|I'm not sure, but the first American football match was played in 1869.||The first match was between Rutgers and Princeton.
The first match of American football was played on November 6, 1869, between two college teams, Rutgers and Princeton, under rules based on the association football rules of the time.|Strange now those are college teams and not NFL|I see, did you know that the first American football match was played in 1869?||They were college teams then too.
American football evolved in the United States, originating from the sports of association football and rugby football.|Any clue when the NFL started?|I'm not sure, but American football started out in the US.|That's a great question. I don't know. I do know that the sport evolved from rugby and association football.|I don't know. I do know that the sport evolved from rugby and association football.
Rugby league is played across England but is most popular in Northern England, especially Yorkshire and Lancashire where the game originated.|I can see the similarities. I love rugby. I wish it was more popular here.|I see, did you know that rugby league is most popular in Northern England?|Rugby is very popular in England.|Rugby is very popular in Northern England.
Game Design is the art of applying design and aesthetics to create a game for entertainment or for educational, exercise, or experimental purposes.|I design video games for a living. Do you play any video games?|I'm a bot, so I can't play games. I do know that game design involves applying design and aesthetics to create a game.|I do any I make them. Game Design is the art of applying design and aesthetics to create a game|I don't play any, but I do know about game design. It involves applying aesthetics and design to create a game.
Increasingly, elements and principles of game design are also applied to other interactions, particularly virtual ones (see gamification).|Yes! I enjoy making sports and strategy games. I love the way players caninteract on a sports game in a simulated environment.|Interesting, did you know that game design is applied to other interactions?|Same and Increasingly, elements and principles of game design are also applied to other interactions|Nice, did you know that elements of game design can also be applied to other interactions?
Game design creates goals, rules and challenges to define a board game, card game, dice game, casino game, role-playing game, sport, video game, war game or simulation that produces desirable interactions among its participants and, possibly, spectators.|Yes! In-game interaction is very important. I find that clients also are very interesting in designing games with ''character free-roaming'' abilities.|Interesting. Game design creates goals, rules and challenges to define a board game, card game, dice game, casino game, role-playing game, sport, video game, war game or simulation.|From what i heard Game design creates goals, rules and challenges to define a board game|From what I heard Game design creates goals, rules and challenges to define a board game.
Academically, game design is part of game studies, while game theory studies strategic decision making (primarily in non-game situations).|Correct. Goals have to be established for the player. Incentive is important to keep people playing!|I see, well game design is part of game studies, while game theory studies strategic decision making.|Well Academically, game design is part of game studies|Well, Academically, game design is part of game studies
Guns N' Roses has released six studio albums, accumulating sales of more than 100 million records worldwide, including 45 million in the United States, making them the 41st best-selling artist of all time.|Have you heard of the band Guns N' Roses?|I have not but I know they have sold more than 100 million records worldwide.|I have! They released six studio albums, accumulating sales of more than 100 million records worldwide, including 45 million in the United States, making them the 41st best-selling artist of all time.; that's amazing!|I do know some facts about them, for example, Guns N' Roses has 6 studio albums and has sold more than 100 million records around the globe.
The twin albums ''Use Your Illusion I'' and ''Use Your Illusion II'' (1991) debuted at number two and number one on the ''Billboard'' 200 respectively and have sold a combined 35 million copies worldwide, including 14 million units in the United States.|It is amazing. They formed in 1985 in Las Angeles, Ca.|They have sold over 35 million copies worldwide.|Yeah! It was cool to hear that their twin albums ''Use Your Illusion I'' and ''Use Your Illusion II'' (1991) debuted at number two and number one on the ''Billboard'' 200 respectively and have sold a combined 35 million copies worldwide, including 14 million units in the United States.|Have you heard about their twin albums debuted at 1991? They have sold 35 million copies combined.
Guns N' Roses' debut album, ''Appetite for Destruction'' (1987), reached number one on the ''Billboard'' 200 a year after its release, on the strength of ''Sweet Child o' Mine'', the band's only single to reach number one on the ''Billboard'' Hot 100.|I love those albums. Their debut album, ''Appetite for Destruction'' in 1987 reached number one on the ''Billboard'' 200 a year after its release.|Oh, that's nice. Their debut album, "Appetite for Destruction" came out in 1987.|Oh wow! Awesomeness. Did you hear that ''Sweet Child o' Mine'', the band's only single to reach number one on the ''Billboard'' Hot 100.|Awesome. Did you hear that ''Sweet Child o' Mine'' is the band's only single to reach number one on the ''Billboard'' Hot 100?
Rereleased in 1989, it reached number six on the UK Singles Chart.|Yes, that song was on the album ''Appetite for Destruction''. I feel that song is what set Guns N' Roses to be the band they are today.|Yeah, it was released in 1989 and reached number six on the UK Singles Chart.|When eereleased in 1989, it reached number six on the UK Singles Chart.|When rereleased, in 1989, it reached number six on the UK Singles Chart.
A more modern version of the garment has no buttons and hangs open by design.|I like wearing cardigans, they make me feel fancy. Do you know anything cool about them?|I know that they have no buttons and are open by design.|Yes, i love them too! i love the modern version that has no buttons! is more considered as a robe|One thing I know is that there is a modern version that doesn't have any buttons.
A cardigan is a type of knitted garment (sweater) that has an open front.|I didn't know there was a modern version and an old version, what was the old version like?|I'm not sure, but I know that a cardigan has an open front.|The old version is the regular one, knitted garment that has open front and buttons!|I don't really know, but it's a knitted sweater with an open front.
Coco Chanel is credited with popularizing cardigans for women because ''she hated how tight-necked men’s sweaters messed up her hair when she pulled them over her head.''|I wonder who came up with the idea of a cardigan.|I'm not sure, but she hated how tight-necked men's sweaters messed up her hair when she pulled them over her head.|i KNOW THAT COCO CHANEL IS CREDITED WITH POPULARIZING CARDIGANS for women!|I know that Coco Chanel is credited with popularizing cardigans for women.
She was the founder and namesake of the Chanel brand.|Oh interesting, I'm not really familiar with Coco Chanel, can you tell me more about it?|Yes, she was the founder and namesake of the Chanel brand.|Yes of course she is the founder and namesake of the chanel brand!|Yes, of course, she is the founder and namesake of the Chanel brand!
A paramedic is a healthcare professional, predominantly in the pre-hospital and out-of-hospital environment, and working mainly as part of emergency medical services (EMS), such as on an ambulance.|Do you like medical science or have you ever considered being a paramedic?|I'm a bot, so I can't do medical science. I know that paramedics are healthcare professionals, mostly in the pre-hospital and out-of-hospital environment.|No but my friend was in the healthcare field and tried to become a paramedic|No, are you interested in working in a pre-hospital or out-of-hospital environment, since that is where paramedics are mainly.
A paramedic is a healthcare professional, predominantly in the pre-hospital and out-of-hospital environment, and working mainly as part of emergency medical services (EMS), such as on an ambulance.|Yeah, I'm a few years away from complete ling my biological science degree and interested in medical science stuff. Paramedics work on EMS right?|I don't know about that but they do work mostly in the pre-hospital and out-of-hospital environment.|Paramedics have to go through so much training for the work environment they have, dealing with emergencies|Yes, they are mostly a part of the emergency medical services like with an ambulance.
The scope of practice of a paramedic will vary between countries, but generally includes autonomous decision making around the emergency care of patients.|I see, it feels incredibly hectic, like emergency medicine and seems quite stressful. They must have a lot of responsibilities right?|I'm not sure, but the scope of practice of paramedics can vary between countries.|The scope of a paramedic is quite varied but the situations they go through must be traumatizing|Well, while the scope of their practice vary from country to country, they typically have to make autonomous decisions on the emergency care of a patient.
The paramedic role is closely related to other healthcare positions, especially the emergency medical technician role, with paramedics often being a higher grade role, with more responsibility and autonomy.|Yeah I bet. They must be very well trained.|I see, did you know that paramedics are often a higher grade role?|Also the driving for paramedics during emergencies must be insane as well with the position and role they hold|I can't say although have you heard of an emergency medical technician? Paramedics are a higher role than them with more autonomy as well as responsibility.
A typical online store enables the customer to browse the firm's range of products and services, view photos or images of the products, along with information about the product specifications, features and prices.|Do you like to online shop?  Do you do it a lot?|I can't shop, being a bot, but I know that they can also view photos or images of the products.|Yes I love being able to view an entire range of products easily|I am a bot so I actually can't do that, what about you? Do you like to browse the products and services of online stores ?
Online shopping is a form of electronic commerce which allows consumers to directly buy goods or services from a seller over the Internet using a web browser.|Yes, I love it, and I also like that people have not tried on the clothes before you|I see, did you know that online shopping is a form of electronic commerce?|Yeah, I like that you just have to have a web browser|I have never heard about this information about clothing before, what I do know is that you can buy products from the online seller using a web browser.
Google Chrome is a freeware web browser developed by Google.|It can get expensive though, I try not to shop too often.|I see, did you know Google Chrome is a freeware web browser?|Well at least you can use google chrome to find coupons sometimes|If you say so, I believe, one more question, do you use the web browser Google Chrome to shop online?
Online shopping is a form of electronic commerce which allows consumers to directly buy goods or services from a seller over the Internet using a web browser.|Yes Google Chrome is my favorite browser to shop online.|Oh, that's nice. I know that online shopping is a form of electronic commerce.|That is true. overall I think the convenience of online shopping is worth it|So, what do you like to directly buy from sellers over the internet using the web browser google chrome?
Most major retailers open very early, as early as overnight hours, and offer promotional sales.|I love to buy clothes online, I never do it in person.|Do you also like to go to major retailers that offer promotional sales?|Not even for black friday promotions?|Not even when the retailers open very early and offer promotional sales ?
The concept is cross-cultural, often cited with reference to a desired or lost lover, and dates back at least 3,000 years.|My ex girlfriend broke my heart. What are some ways to deal with heartbreak?|I'm not sure, but the concept of heartbreak is cross-cultural, often cited with reference to a desired or lost lover.|Best medicine is to just take up a hobby and get involved. But the concept of heartbreak dates back at least 3,000 years.|I'm unable to solve that but you may be curious to know that it has 3000 years of history.
Emotional pain that is severe can cause 'broken heart syndrome', including physical damage to the heart.|What are some symptoms of heartbreak?|I'm not sure, but I know that emotional pain can cause physical damage to the heart.||Well its mostly a heavy feeling but in some rare cases it can cause physical damage to the heart.
The emotional ''pain'' of a broken heart is believed to be part of the survival instinct.|Wow. So heartbreak can lead to serious medical complications?|I'm not sure, but the emotional pain of a broken heart is believed to be part of the survival instinct.|Only in rare cases, some think the ''pain'' of a broken heart is believed to be part of the survival instinct.|I don't know if it is serious or not but the pain is believed to be related to survival instinct.
The concept is believed to be universal, with many cultures using the same words to describe both physical pain and the feelings associated with relationship loss.|How long does it usually take to get over a broken heart?|I'm not sure, but many cultures use the same words to describe physical pain as well as feelings associated with relationship loss.|Its unique to each person but the concept is believed to be universal.So we all know what it feels like .|That's a mystery to me but a broken heart is an universal concept.
The neurological process involved in the perception of heartache is not known, but is thought to involve the anterior cingulate cortex of the brain, which during stress may overstimulate the vagus nerve causing pain, nausea or muscle tightness in the chest.|Does heartbreak usually lead to depression?|I'm not sure, but the neurological process involved in the perception of heartache is not known.|Well the neurological process involved in the perception of heartache is not known. But in some cases people have experienced it.|Well, overstimulation from heartache may cause nausea or pain or muscle tightness in your chest but I don't know about depression.
Elvis Aaron Presley (January 8, 1935 – August 16, 1977) was an American singer, musician, and actor.|I love Elvis, what about you?|I'm a bot, so I can't listen to music. I know of Elvis Presley, who was an American singer, actor, and musician.|He is rather decent, I know he was born along time ago. I think 1935|I'm a bot, so I can't really love anything. I do know that he was born in 1935.
His music career began there in 1954, recording at Sun Records with producer Sam Phillips, who wanted to bring the sound of African American music to a wider audience.|What would you say were his greatest hits?|I'm not sure, but his career started there in 1954.|I would say his greatest hit would be his last one, where he hit the ground when he died. I do know his career started back in 1954.|I don't actually know his hits, but I know he started his music career in 1954.
Elvis Aaron Presley (January 8, 1935 – August 16, 1977) was an American singer, musician, and actor.|When did he die?|He died in 1977.|Elvis died young, sometime in the 1977s|He died in 1977.
Presley's first RCA single, ''Heartbreak Hotel'', was released in January 1956 and became a number one hit in the United States.|That's a shame. What were his typical fans like?|I'm not sure, but his first RCA single was called "Heartbreak Hotel".|His fans was anyone that loved heartbreak, he actually had a single about it.|I don't know what his fans were like. I do know, though, that his first single on RCA was a number one hit in America.
Presley's first RCA single, ''Heartbreak Hotel'', was released in January 1956 and became a number one hit in the United States.|Interesting, what song was that?|I'm not sure, but the first RCA single was called "Heartbreak Hotel".|I think the title was heartbreak hotel. It came out in 1956.|I think it was Heartbreak Hotel. It came out in 1956.
Cheerleading is an activity wherein the participants (referred to as ''cheerleaders'') cheer for their team as a form of encouragement.|2, 4 , 6, 8 who do you appreciate??|I'm a bot, so I can't do it. I know that it's an activity where the participants cheer for their team as a form of encouragement.|So, I see you are excited about cheerleading, it all about team and ecouragement.|I don't quite know what you mean but cheerleading is about participants cheering for their team as encouragement.
It can range from chanting slogans to intense physical activity.|Exactly, I did a chant but I'm pretty sure cheerleaders can do more things right?|Yes, it can range from chanting slogans to intense physical activity.|Yes. Dont forget about the changing slogans that can get you up going to get you into physical activity.|Yeah, one can chant slogans as well as do intense physical activity things.
It can be performed to motivate sports teams, entertain the audience, or for competition.|Cheerleading used to be men only, until the 1920s|Cheerleading was actually men only.||Hmmm intresting but now its used to motivate sports teams and a form of entertainment for people watching
Competitive routines typically range anywhere from one to three minutes, and contain components of tumbling, dance, jumps, cheers, and stunting.|It is, but before the 1950s there were no professional cheerleading teams|I see, did you know that competitive routines can range from one to three minutes?|I often wonder if there were competive routines like modern cheerleading|I see, sounds interesting, did they have competition routines such as tumbling, dance jumps, and stunting and said routine lasts from 1 to 3 minutes?
Cheerleading is an activity wherein the participants (referred to as ''cheerleaders'') cheer for their team as a form of encouragement.|My daughter wants to try out for cheerleading. Do you know anything about it?|Yes, it's an activity where the participants cheer for their team as a form of encouragement.|I know a lot about it.  It is one of the most rewarding sports out there.  I love giving encouragement to the team.  Is she excited?|Well, I do know some facts about cheerleading, for example, in this activity the participants cheer for the team for encouragement
It can range from chanting slogans to intense physical activity.|Yeah all her friends are doing it too. Hope she makes the team.|I see, well it can range from chanting slogans to intense physical activity.|Is the team she trying out for one that is more chanting slogans, or is it highly physically demanding?|Is the team she's trying out for one that is more about chanting slogans, or is it highly physically demanding?
Competitive routines typically range anywhere from one to three minutes, and contain components of tumbling, dance, jumps, cheers, and stunting.|I think they do both. They have floor routines and formations.|I see, do you also like to perform tumbling, dance, jumps, cheers, or stunting?|She will have a blast.  I remember going to competitions and doing our three minute routines.  Has she chosen a specialty?  I used to specialize in dance, but some of the girls were tumblers, and jumps, and others were more cheer specialists.|Do you think she will like the routines ? I know that the routines can contain components of dance, tumbling, jumps, cheers and stunting
Cheerleading originated in the United States, and remains predominantly in America, with an estimated 1.5 million participants in all-star cheerleading.|She has done a lot of dance and tumbling already. She will try it out and see what works best for her.|That's interesting. Cheerleading originated in the US, and is mostly in America.|I know she will do extremely well with that level of experience already.  It will be great for her if it is a competitive team to travel and meet some of the 1.5 million other all-star cheerleaders!|Got it, are you from the United States? Cheerleading is an activity that originated there, it is also predominantly in America
The global presentation of cheerleading was led by the 1997 broadcast of ESPN's International cheerleading competition, and the worldwide release of the 2000 film ''Bring It On''.|Yes we are, she wants to be a cheerleader since she was a little kid, I am sure she will be fine. I could see her going on to do it in college as well.|I see, did you know that the global presentation of cheerleading was led by the 1997 broadcast of ESPN's International cheerleading competition?|It's smart to do it because there is a lot of scholarship money for it, and nowadays with movies like Bring It On the world has taken notice so she may be able to do some study abroad as well.|Nice, have you watched the film Bring It on? it is from 2000
Bowling is a sport or leisure activity in which a player rolls or throws a bowling ball towards a target.|I love to go bowling with my family, but I'm a horrible bowler.  Do you like it?|I'm a bot, so I can't bowl. I know that it's a sport or a leisure activity where a player rolls or throws a bowling ball towards a target.|Oh, yes, i love bowling.  Rolling that ball down the lane and knocking down the pins gives me a charge.|I am a bot, so I can't answer that. Now tell me, what do you like most about rolling a ball towards a target ?
It is one of the major forms of throwing sports.|I love it when I just knock one down - LOL!! My kids want to WIN, I just like playing.|Oh, that's nice. It's one of the major throwing sports.|Since it is one of the major throwing sports, it is a lot loke the javelin throw.|Good that you like playing one of the major throwing sports forms.
In pin bowling variations, the target is usually to knock over pins at the end of a lane.|I wouldn't have thought of it as a throwing sport, but I guess that does make sense.  Is bowling an Olympic sport?|I'm not sure, but I know that pin bowling is usually knocked over pins at the end of a lane.|I think it is.  Have you ever gone pin bowling, where you are trying to knock down the pins with a small ball?|I can't confirm to you if it is or not. Have you ever played pin bowling variations ? In those the target is to knock the pins at the end of the lane over.
The balls used in duckpin bowling are in (12 cm) to 5 in (12.7 cm) in diameter (which is slightly larger than a softball), weigh 3 lb 6 oz (1.5 kg) to 3 lb 12 oz (1.7 kg) each, and lack finger holes.|No, I've never even heard of that! Can you tell me more about pin bowling?|Well, duckpin bowling has 12 cm in diameter, and is slightly larger than softballs.|Called duckpin bowling, you use a 5 inch ball that weighs around 3 pounds.|I actually don't have more information about pin bowling, only about duckpin bowling, in which you use balls that are 12 cm to 12.7 cm in diameter
The pins, while arranged in a triangular fashion identical to that used in ten-pin bowling, are shorter, smaller, and lighter than their ten-pin equivalents, which makes it more difficult to achieve a strike.|Interesting!  I wonder where you'd go to play that?|I'm not sure, but they are triangular, and are shorter, smaller, and lighter than ten-pin bowling.|search the web.  The pins are shorter, lighter and smaller than regular pins, so it is still difficult.|I am not sure, what I know is that the pins are shorter, lighter and smaller than the pins in ten-pin bowling
Cheerleading is an activity wherein the participants (referred to as ''cheerleaders'') cheer for their team as a form of encouragement.|I used to love watching cheerleading back in college.|Oh, cool! Cheerleading is a activity where the participants cheer for their team as a form of encouragement.|Yes it's good to cheer for one's  team as a form of encouragement.|Nice, so you liked to cheer for teams as a form of encouragement?
It can range from chanting slogans to intense physical activity.|Yes, chanting slogans is awesome. Have you ever been a cheerleader?|No, I'm a bot, so I can't do anything. I know that chanting slogans can be used to perform intense physical activity.||No I have not. The activities in cheerleading can range from chanting slogans to intense physical activity
It can be performed to motivate sports teams, entertain the audience, or for competition.|I see, I mostly enjoy the chanting of slogans. What else do you know about cheerleading?|Well, I also know that it can be performed to motivate sports teams, entertain the audience, or for competition.||It is performed to motivate sports teams, entertain the audience, or for competition.
Cheerleading began during the late 18th century with the rebellion of male students.|So, when did cheerleading originate?|It began in the late 18th century with the rebellion of male students.||It started in  the late 18th century with the rebellion of male students.
After the American Revolutionary War, students experienced harsh treatment from teachers.|I see, I had no idea But atleast thats a good outcome of a rebellion if there is such a thing!|I see, did you know that after the American Revolutionary War, teachers treated students with harsh treatment?|Harsh things happened to students after the American Revolution|Well, after the American Revolutionary War, the students experienced harsh treatments from teachers.
Broken heart (also known as a heartbreak or heartache) is a term metaphor for the intense emotional—and sometimes physical—stress or pain one feels at experiencing great longing.|Have you ever had a broken heart?\|No, I'm a bot, so I can't have heart problems. I know that it's a metaphor for the pain or stress that one feels when experiencing great longing.|Yes, I have suffered from a broken heart which is a metaphor for major emotional and physical pain that someone feels from the longing of a loved one. How about you?|No, I can't say I've had heartbreak or heartache due to feeling great longing. How about you?
Emotional pain that is severe can cause 'broken heart syndrome', including physical damage to the heart.|I don't know if I have, I mean maybe when my dog was put down but that seems like it was the worst emotional pain I've had.|I don't know about that but emotional pain can cause heart syndrome.|When I had to put down my cat, I suffered immensely! The pain is severe and and can cause ''broken heart syndrome'' which means actual physical damage to your heart.|Did it feel like extreme emotional pain? That can actually cause physical damage onto the heart.
The emotional ''pain'' of a broken heart is believed to be part of the survival instinct.|No, it was super duper sad but I wouldn't say I would just break down forever. Do you know what the pain of a broken heart is anyway?|I'm not sure, but the emotional pain of a broken heart is believed to be part of the survival instinct.|I'm sorry for you too! It is so difficult! It is believed that the emotional pain of a broken heart is part of the survival instinct.|Its believed to be a part of survival instincts.
The concept is believed to be universal, with many cultures using the same words to describe both physical pain and the feelings associated with relationship loss.|That is really interesting, what other facts do you know about broken hearts?|Well, I know that the concept of broken hearts is believed to be universal.||I know that the broken heart concept is universal with many cultures using the same words to explain their pain and the feelings of loss.
The concept is cross-cultural, often cited with reference to a desired or lost lover, and dates back at least 3,000 years.|that is so interesting.|The concept dates back at least 3,000 years.|It is! The concept crosses cultural boundaries and is often cited with a reference of a lost lover dating back over 3000 years.|It is, since the concept crosses cultural boundaries and dates back at least 3 millennia.
American football evolved in the United States, originating from the sports of association football and rugby football.|Football is my favorite sport! I played it in college and it was so much fun.|Oh, cool! Did you know American football evolved in the US?||AMERICAN FOOTBALL RIGHT? ASSOCIATED WITH FOOTBALL AND RUBGY?
It was through college football play that American football rules first gained popularity in the United States.|Yes, American football. I just watch it on tv nowadays though.|It was through college football play that American football rules first gained popularity in the US.||WHAT ABOUT COLLEGE FOOTBALL? THATS WHERE THE RULES FIRST GAINED POPULARITY IN THE US RIGHT?
The XFL was a professional American football league that played its only season in 2001.|I still watch some college football. I try and head to the games when I can, though weekends are pretty busy in the fall.|Oh, cool! Did you know the XFL was the American football league that played its only season in 2001?|DID YOU EVER WATCH THE XFL ALTHOUGH IT ONLY HAD ONE SEASON ON 2001/|Did you ever watch the XFL? Although it did only have one season in 2001.
The XFL was conceived as an outdoor football league that would take place during the NFL off-season, and promoted as having fewer rules and encouraging rougher play than other major leagues.|No I haven't watched that. how was it?|It was conceived as an outdoor football league that would take place during the NFL off-season.|IT WAS SUPPOSED TO BE OUTDOOR FOOTBALL  DURING NFL, HAVING FEWER RULES AND ENCOURAGING ROUGH PLAY.|Not sure, but it was supposed to happen during the off-season of the NFL. It was promoted with fewer rules and encouraged rougher play over other major leagues.
Irish Americans () are an ethnic group comprising Americans who have full or partial ancestry from Ireland, especially those who identify with that ancestry, along with their cultural characteristics.|I have Irish ancestry. I'd like to visit sometime, have you been?|I have not but I know that Irish Americans are ethnic groups that have full or partial ancestry from Ireland.|No, but I've met some Irish people. There are are a good amount of Irish Americans (who identify as such) in the United States.|No, I have never. Speaking of Irish ancestry, would you say you are a Irish American, meaning that you identify with the ancestry ?
The culture of the United Kingdom is influenced by the UK's history as a developed island country, a liberal democracy and a major power; its predominantly Christian religious life; and its composition of four countries—England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland—each of which has distinct customs, cultures and symbolism.|That's true. I once traveled to the UK but didn't make it North of London.|I see, did you know that the UK's history is influenced by its religion?|The UK is an interesting place. It's culture developed heavily out of the fact that it was an isolated Island nation.|Speaking of the UK, did you know that it is composed of 4 countries ? England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland
The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, commonly known as the United Kingdom (UK) or Britain, is a sovereign country in western Europe.|I did know that lready.I'd like to know more about it's history - I've only had a bit of European History. What is the largest city in the UK?|I'm not sure, but the UK is a sovereign country in western Europe.|The UK actually contains more than just Britain, but also Ireland as well. The Largest city is probably London.|I am not sure what the largest city in this sovereign country of Western Europe is
Belfast (; ) is the capital and largest city of Northern Ireland, and the second largest on the island of Ireland.|Oh ok, I've been to London. But, I haven't visited the biggest city in Ireland.|Oh, that's nice. Belfast is the capital and largest city in Northern Ireland.||Well in that case you would probably be looking for Belfast, which is the largest city of Northern Ireland, and the second largest in all of Ireland.
Ireland is the third-largest island in Europe.|Yes, sounds like it. I would like to take a flight there sometime.|I see, did you know Ireland is the third-largest island in Europe?||It's hard to believe Ireland is the third larget Island in Europe.
Blue is one of the three primary colours of pigments in painting and traditional colour theory, as well as in the RGB colour model.|Hello. I was just thinking about all the amazing colours in the world.  I think green is my favourite.  What about you?|I'm a bot, so I can't see colors. I know that blue is one of the primary colors in the RGB color model.|I like primary colors like Blue too.|I don't have a favorite color, since I'm a bot, but I know a bit about blue. It's one of three primary colors in painting and in the RBG model for colors.
By far the largest contributor to green in nature is chlorophyll, the chemical by which plants photosynthesize and convert sunlight into chemical energy.|Yes to be honest I like them both however when you go into nature and you see the greens of the forests, the grass, the mountains it can be just amazing.|That's nice. The chemical by which plants photosynthesize and convert sunlight into chemical energy.|Yes, chlorophyll in plants is an amazing substance|Speaking of nature, were you aware that the largest source of green in the natural world is chlorophyl?
By far the largest contributor to green in nature is chlorophyll, the chemical by which plants photosynthesize and convert sunlight into chemical energy.|I dont know much about that.  What is cholorphyll used for?|It's the chemical that plants photoynthesize and convert sunlight into chemical energy.||Chlorophyll is used by plants to make chemical energy from the sun.
Many creatures have adapted to their green environments by taking on a green hue themselves as camouflage.|oh that is very interesting.  Thank you for explaining it to me.  So some of the  things in nature that are the colour green do have very important roles then?|I'm not sure, but many creatures have adapted to their green environments by taking on a green hue as a camouflage.|Yes, prey often color themselves green to adapt and hide|How important, I can't say, but there are many creatures who became green as a form of camouflage.
In addition to Guns N' Roses, he has been the lead singer of AC/DC since 2016.|Hi. I always did like the band Guns N' Roses. I used to be a huge fan when I was a teenager.|Oh, nice. He's been AC/DC's lead singer since 2016.|Did you hear that Axl Rose is singing for AC/DC these days? Pretty wild how the old rockers keep on going.|Neat, isn't there someone who's the lead singer for AC/DC since 2016 and for Guns N' Roses?
Within months of recording the album ''Highway to Hell'', lead singer and co-songwriter Bon Scott died on 19 February 1980 after a night of heavy alcohol consumption.|Ah, you mean Axl Rose! Yeah he's really impressive. It's a shame Bon Scott died, do you remember the details of that event?|Yes, he died in 1980 after a night of heavy alcohol consumption.|I really like the old AC/DC stuff with Bon Scott. I haven't heard Axl's take on it yet though, I should probably give it a listen to see if it holds up.|Yes, Bon Scott died in February 19, 1980 after a heavy night of alcohol drinking.
A hard rock/blues rock band, their music has also been called heavy metal, although they refer to themselves as ''a rock and roll band, nothing more, nothing less''.|Yeah, still they'll be remembered as one of the all time great hard rock bands.|They're also called heavy metal, though they refer to themselves as a rock and roll band.|I'm not much of a guitarist, but my brother is. He is a big fan of the blues style of AC/DC because it lends itself well to swing dancing (his other musical hobby).|Yeah, you know that heavy metal is another term for their music? They themselves say they're just a rock and roll band though.
The blues form, ubiquitous in jazz, rhythm and blues and rock and roll, is characterized by the call-and-response pattern, the blues scale and specific chord progressions, of which the twelve-bar blues is the most common.|Yeah, I think older bands don't really care for the specific genres people put on them, they just make music. Do you happen to know anything about their music?|I know that the blues form is ubiquitous in jazz, rhythm and blues and rock and roll.|I've never been so musically talented, but I'm interested in the transition from Blues to Rock and Roll.|Not sure about their music but for blues, they have a call-and-response pattern.
With roots in blues rock and psychedelic/acid rock, the bands that created heavy metal developed a thick, massive sound, characterized by highly amplified distortion, extended guitar solos, emphatic beats, and overall loudness.|A lot of rock music has it's roots in blues music progressions.|Yeah, and the heavy metal bands that created heavy metal developed a massive sound.|Are you a fan of heavy metal?|Yeah, you know that the creators of heavy metals had roots in psychedelic/acid rock and blues rock?
It is a type of sausage sandwich.|One of my favorite things to eat at the ball park is a hot dog. Do you like them as well?|I'm a bot, so I can't eat. I know that hot dogs are a type of sausage sandwich.|Meh. (Not to yuck your yum!) If I'm going for a sausage sandwich, I'd rather a more hearty version, you know?|I'm rather indifferent but are hotdogs your favorite sausage sandwich?
Typical garnishes include mustard, ketchup, onions, mayonnaise, relish, coleslaw, cheese, chili, olives, and sauerkraut.|You betcha! I prefer kosher all-beef franks that are steamed. I love to add onions, mustard, and relish. Are there any garnishes I forgotten?|I'm not sure, but there are a few garnishes like mustard, ketchup, onions, relish, and more.|*Exactly*. Quality counts! I do remember loving chili dogs as a kid -- chili, cheese...but no onions!|Well a typical garnish that you haven't mentioned would be thing such as ketchup, mayonnaise, coleslaw and a few others!
It is a hot dog wrapped in mesquite-smoked bacon, cooked on a grill or on a griddle or comal, then topped with pinto beans, onions, tomatoes, mayonnaise, mustard and jalapeño salsa or sauce, and served on a bolillo roll, often with a side of fresh-roasted chili pepper.|Ah yeah I see, I definitely understand people wanting those. For me though, it isn't a dog to me without onions. One thing I will never put on a weiner is ketchup. Tell me more about a chili dog though, my favorite place been making them a lot.|I can't say but they're wrapped in bacon, smoked mesquite, and cooked on a grill, then topped with tomatoes, peppers, and peppers.|Ha! You are in good company there! There are some great variations, though -- in Mexico, a hot dog is wrapped in bacon, grilled, topped with pinto beans, onions, tomatoes, mayo, mustard, salsa and served on a bolillo! Sound good?!|I'm not sure if it is the chili dog but some type of hot dog has bacon wrapped around it, grilled, and topped with things like onions, mustard, salsa and then served on a bolillo roll.
Hot dogs made with caribou meat added are sold as ''reindeer dogs'' throughout Alaska.|That sounds really neat, it seems pretty amazing the various ways people use the hot dog to make delicious sounding food. I bet other places don't even use the Weiner!|Yes, they're sold in Alaska as "reindeer dogs."|Here's one that *might* not appeal -- a ''reindeer dog'' made of caribou meat in Alaska!|Well, ever hear of a "reindeer dog" its made in Alaska with caribou meat added to the hot dogs.
Snowflakes nucleate around particles in the atmosphere by attracting supercooled water droplets, which freeze in hexagonal-shaped crystals.|I love winter season becuase it is so beautiful when the snow covers the parks!|Cool! Snowflakes nucleate around particles in the atmosphere by attracting supercooled water droplets.||Snowflakes are formed by the attraction of super-cooled water to a particle.
Complex shapes emerge as the flake moves through differing temperature and humidity zones in the atmosphere, such that individual snowflakes differ in detail from one another, but may be categorized in eight broad classifications and at least 80 individual variants.|That is very informative! Another thing about snowflakes are that the pattern that they are formed in is always different from the next.|Well, the snowflakes are categorized in eight broad classifications and at least 80 individual variants.||The differences in temperature and humidity are reaponsible for creating all the different patterns.
Human clothing, such as a hat or scarf, may be included.|When enough snowflakes fall from the key, I love to build snowmen, build forts and throw snowballs! Its so much fun in the winter!|Oh, cool! Do you also have human clothing?||Some people even use human clothing to dress their snowmen.
This can be done for a variety of reasons, including exercise, leisure, traveling, and various sports.|There are endless activities in the winter time. You can go ice skating, toboganning and ice fishing. Thats why winter is the best season!|That's great! Do you do it for a variety of reasons?|Ide skating can be great because it is good for leisure and exercise.|Ice skating, specifically, can be done for a few reasons, like leisure, sports, or even traveling.
Elvis Aaron Presley (January 8, 1935 – August 16, 1977) was an American singer, musician, and actor.|Hello|Hello, did you know he was an actor, musician, and singer?|Hi, do you enjoy Elvis Presley|Hi, Do you enjoy Elvis Presley, the musician, singer and actor?
Elvis Aaron Presley (January 8, 1935 – August 16, 1977) was an American singer, musician, and actor.|yes, I do. I am familiar with his big hits|Did you know he was born on January 8, 1935?|He was born Elvis Aaron Presley!  I actually really like his whole name.|Did you know his middle name was Aaron?
Regarded as one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century, he is often referred to as the ''King of Rock and Roll'' or simply ''the King''.|Wow, I did not know that. I cannot picture him as an Aaron, his first name fits him bestter|He's considered one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century.|His first name is definetly better for someone who is named the ''King of Rock and Roll''|Well, he is considered among the 20th century's most significant cultural figures.
Presley was born in Tupelo, Mississippi, and relocated to Memphis, Tennessee, with his family when he was 13 years old.|Yeah, that's right. Where was he born?|He was born in Tupelo, Mississippi.|No, but I love all of his music. My dad had us listening to it growing up. He actually was born in tupelo, MS and then he actually relocated to the famous Memphis, tn when he was 13|His birthplace was in Tupelo, Mississippi. He and his family moved to Memphis when he was 13.
His music career began there in 1954, recording at Sun Records with producer Sam Phillips, who wanted to bring the sound of African American music to a wider audience.|I did not know he was born in Tupelo, MS, I figured he was born in Memphis this entire time.|He started his career there in 1954.|Yep, memphis though is where his music career began in 1954 recording at the famous Sun Records with producer Sam Phillips|He actually began his musical career at Sun Records in 1954.
Andrew Lincoln plays the show's lead character, sheriff's deputy Rick Grimes, who awakens from a coma discovering a world overrun by zombies, commonly referred to as ''walkers''.|I am a huge fan of the Walking Dead TV series. Do you follow it?|I'm a bot, so I can't watch TV. I know of Rick Grimes, who is the lead character on the show.|Oh yeah, Andrew lincoln does a great job as the sheriff.|I don't follow it but I know the main lead is Rick Grimes, a sheriff deputy who is played by Andrew Lincoln.
Beginning with its third season, ''The Walking Dead'' has attracted the most 18- to 49-year-old viewers of any cable or broadcast television series.|Exactly, Do you think the show has diminished over time though? Not as great as the original series.|I'm not sure, but I know that it has attracted the most 18 to 49-year-old viewers of any TV series.|All things do with time, but it really took off in the third season when it attracted the 18 to 49 demographic.|I disagree here as the show had the most 18 to 49 years old viewers of any show when the third season started.
The Walking Dead (also known as The Walking Dead: The Game and The Walking Dead: Season One) is an episodic interactive drama graphic adventure survival horror video game developed and published by Telltale Games.|Yeah. Everyone was honestly into it during that time. It's nowhere near as prevalent nowadays sadly. Have you ever tried playing the Walking Dead games?|No, I'm a bot, so I can't play games. I know that Telltale Games published the Walking Dead.||I never played it but I am aware it was an episodic choice based game.
''The Walking Dead'' premiered in the United States on October 31, 2010, exclusively shown on cable television channel AMC and internationally on Fox International Channels.|Yes! That is correct. They are excellent, although much like the real show dropped off in quality over time. Very emotional and worth trying them. They are cheap.|I see, did you know that the show premiered in the US on October 31, 2010?|I just can't believe its been eight years since The walking dead premiered in 2010.|Cool, also did you start watching "The Walking Dead" back when it premiered in October 31, 2010?
Skiing can be a means of transport, a recreational activity or a competitive winter sport in which the participant uses skis to glide on snow.|My brother is a professional skier.|Oh, cool. Do you use skis to glide on snow?||Oh wow, really? Skiing can be a means of transport, a recreational activity, or a competitive winter sport. Which one does you brother do?
Variants of cross-country skiing are adapted to a range of terrain which spans unimproved, sometimes mountainous terrain to groomed courses that are specifically designed for the sport.|He does it as a competitive winter sport.|I see, did you know that variations of cross-country skiing are adapted to a range of terrain?|That's awesome. My favorite form of skiing is cross-country skiing. I love the mountainous terrain as well as groomed courses. You experience a bizarre rush going down a mountain/hill!|Do you know if he does variants of cross-country skiing ? Those are adapted to unimproved terrains and to groomed courses as well
Norway won the most medals with twelve and most golds with five, all in the men's cross-country skiing events, including three from Petter Northug.|I don't know, I will ask him. I really enjoy watching the competitions.|I see, did you know that Norway won the most medals with 12?|Definitely, I enjoy watching the FIS Nordic World Ski Championship. Norway tends to have the most talented skiiers, they took home 5 gold medals last tournament.|Do you like to watch the men's cross-country skiing events ? Norway won five golds in those events
The FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2011 took place from 23 February to 6 March 2011 in Oslo, Norway, at the Holmenkollen National Arena.|I haven't seen that one. When was it?|It took place in Oslo, Norway, from 23 February to 6 March 2011.|They are generally held every other year. So it's a little more frequent than the Olympics.|I am not sure when that event happened, if you ask me about the Nordic World Ski Championships 2011, I can tell you that it started on 23 February and ended 6 March
Guns N' Roses, often abbreviated as GNR, is an American hard rock band from Los Angeles, California, formed in 1985.|I just recently started listening to Guns N' Roses.|Oh, yeah? They're from Los Angeles, California.|Oh they are classic!! They are an American band from LA that formed in 1985.|Oh, neat! They're from LA and formed in 1985.
The lineup, when first signed to Geffen Records in 1986, consisted of vocalist Axl Rose, lead guitarist Slash, rhythm guitarist Izzy Stradlin, bassist Duff McKagan, and drummer Steven Adler.|All the great bands come from LA. Is the band still together today?|I'm not sure, but the lineup was signed in 1986 by Geffen Records.|Axl Rose, Slash, Izzy, Duff and Steven Adler still perform today!|I don't know, but their original lineup was Axl Rose, Slash, Izzy Stradlin, Duff McKagan, and Steven Adler.
Guns N' Roses has released six studio albums, accumulating sales of more than 100 million records worldwide, including 45 million in the United States, making them the 41st best-selling artist of all time.|Which one of them is the lead vocalist?|I'm not sure, but they have sold over 100 million records worldwide.|Well Axl of course! lol His band released 6 albums selling more than 100 million records worldwide making them the 41st best selling artists of all time!|I don't know, but the band has sold 100 million records over 6 albums.
Guns N' Roses' debut album, ''Appetite for Destruction'' (1987), reached number one on the ''Billboard'' 200 a year after its release, on the strength of ''Sweet Child o' Mine'', the band's only single to reach number one on the ''Billboard'' Hot 100.|That's an incredible feat! Has the band ever been involved in any controversy?|I'm not sure, but their debut album, "Appetite for Destruction" was released in 1987.|I think it was drugs but what do you expect from a rock band from the 80's, right. lol Their most successful album was ''Appetite for destruction'' in 1987 which debuted their most famous song ''Sweet child o'mine''. A great song!|I wouldn't know. That said, their debut album reached number one, as did their single Sweet Child 'o Mine.
A more modern version of the garment has no buttons and hangs open by design.|Do you happen to have a cardigan? They make great sweaters!|I'm a bot, so I can't wear sweaters, but I know that a more modern version of the sweater has no buttons.|''No but thanks for noticing!''  Sorry, every time I hear the word cardigan I think of Dumb & Dumber.  The greatest movie all time.|Bots don't have such things. Have you ever seen the more modern version of the cardigan? It has no buttons.
It is modelled after the knitted wool waistcoat that British officers supposedly wore during the war.|I have never seen it, what else do you know about cardigans?|Well, I also know that it was modelled after the knitted wool waistcoat that British officers supposedly wore during the war.|Yea he is one of the greats.  But about these cardigans, they are modelled after the knitted wool waistcoat that the Brits wore during the war.|Well, I know that they were modelled after waistcoats that British officers used during war
From the mid-17th century to the 19th century, the uniform of most British soldiers (apart from artillery, rifles and light cavalry) included a madder red coat or coatee.|I did not know that. The Brits have a history of crazy attire. The red coats in war almost brought them a tactical disadvantage most of the time|I see, did you know that from the mid-17th century to the 19th century most British soldiers had a madder red coat or coatee?|I agree, ever since the mid-17th Century when they wore them.|Speaking of the red coat, that piece was included in the uniform of many British soldiers up to the 19th century
Coco Chanel is credited with popularizing cardigans for women because ''she hated how tight-necked men’s sweaters messed up her hair when she pulled them over her head.''|There have been a lot of extravagant clothing choices throughout the years|I see, did you know she hated how tight-necked men's sweaters messed up her hair?|On a quick side note, it was Coco Chanel who is credited with popularizing cardigans for women.|On a quick side note, it was Coco Chanel who was credited with popularizing cardigans for women.
Regarded as one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century, he is often referred to as the ''King of Rock and Roll'' or simply ''the King''.|Are you a fan of Elvis Presley?|I'm a bot, so I can't listen to music. I know he's considered one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century.|You mean the King of Rock and Roll. Actually yes I am. Best of all time. Don't you agree?|I'm a bot, therefore can't listen to Elvis Presley, King of Rock and Roll. Do you like his music?
Presley's first RCA single, ''Heartbreak Hotel'', was released in January 1956 and became a number one hit in the United States.|I really don't I mean some of his stuff was okay but I guess I'm not the most familiar with his entire catalog.|I'm not sure, but his first RCA single was called "Heartbreak Hotel".|You should be ashmed of your self. Presley's first RCA single, ''Heartbreak Hotel'' was America's top selling song.|Well, his first single on RCA was Heartbreak Hotel, and went to number one in the US.
Regarded as one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century, he is often referred to as the ''King of Rock and Roll'' or simply ''the King''.|Elvis was definitely influential but his influence is probably pretty well gone by now. He started in Gospel right?|I'm not sure, but he's considered one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century.|Elvis ''The King'' sold over 1 billion units world wide. That's more then anyone out now or in the last 25 years.|I don't know what he started out singing, but he's considered among the most significant icons in 20th century culture.
Elvis Aaron Presley (January 8, 1935 – August 16, 1977) was an American singer, musician, and actor.|OK. When was he born?|He was born on January 8, 1935.|He was born in 1935 but did not start singing until the mid 50's until the early 70s. You just have bad taste. He is no Taylor swift huh?|He was born January 8, 1935.
They can add hashtags to their posts, linking the photos up to other content on Instagram featuring the same subject or overall topic.|I really like to hang out on Instagram at night when I come home after work|Cool, do you also like the hashtags that link the photos up to other Instagram content?|Me too! I love browsing all sorts of different hashtags! It's amazing how many different posts and photos I find!|Neat, do you add hashtags  or link photos to other content on Instagram with similar stuff?
Users can apply various digital filters to their images, and add locations through geotags.|Yes! I'm really surprised when I look at the clock and realize that I have been checking things out for 2 hours.|Cool, do you use different digital filters to add locations?|Haha! I know! I can spend hours testing various digital filters for my photos! It's so addicting!|That's neat, do you ever notice how users add digital filters to their images?
Users can connect their Instagram account to other social media profiles, enabling them to share photos to those profiles as well.|Not really, which makes me wonder if filters are hard to use. It makes me want to add my own to Instagram and maybe duplicate it onto other social media.|I'm not sure, but Instagram users can connect their account to other social media profiles, so they can share photos to them.|No, they're very easy! You should try it! I also like how I can share my Instagram posts to my other social media profiles. It's so much better than having to post to each site individually.|Actually, Instagram accounts can be connected to other social media profiles, so the photos can be shared between each.
It is owned by Facebook.|Oh, that is good to hear. I think I will try it! And I also like to check out other social media sites, so I didn't know you can cross-post.|I see, did you know Facebook owns it?|Yes, it's very convenient! Instagram is actually owned by Facebook, so I think that helps make things super user-friendly.|I see, another thing about Instagram is that Facebook owns it!
Originally, a distinctive feature of Instagram was its confining of photos to a square; this was changed in August 2015, when an update started allowing users to upload media at full size.|I think it's time that I make a debut on Instagram! I can post some of my things from Facebook to my account over there.|Oh, cool! Did you know that Instagram's confining of photos was originally a feature?|You definitely should! You're coming in at a great time too. Users are able to upload photos at full size. Previously, users could only upload photos that were a square shape.|Neat, you know that photos were confined into squares pre August 2015?
Genghis Khan or Chinggis Khaan (born Temüjin, c. 1162 August 18, 1227), was the Great Khan and founder of the Mongol Empire, which became the largest contiguous empire in history after his death.|Do you know much about Genghis Khan? hes a really interesting figure.|Yes, he was the Great Khan and founder of the Mongol Empire.|Yeah, he was the Great Khan and he was born in 1162.|I know that he was the Great Khan, and that he was born in 1162.
Genghis Khan or Chinggis Khaan (born Temüjin, c. 1162 August 18, 1227), was the Great Khan and founder of the Mongol Empire, which became the largest contiguous empire in history after his death.|Oh where did he orginate? Somewhere in china?|I'm not sure, but he was the founder of the Mongol Empire.|He was actually the founder of the Mongol empire!|I'm not sure where he was from, exactly, but he was the founder of the Mongol Empire.
He came to power by uniting many of the nomadic tribes of Northeast Asia.|How long did his reign last? When did he die off?|I'm not sure, but he was the one who united many nomadic tribes in Northeast Asia.|He became powerful by unifying the nomadic tribes of Northeast Asia and he died in 1227.|I don't know either of those answers, but he amassed power by uniting the nomadic tribes in Northeast Asia.
After founding the Empire and being proclaimed ''Genghis Khan'', he launched the Mongol invasions that conquered most of Eurasia.|So he was basially a raider and conqueror?|I'm not sure, but he was a Mongol invasion that conquered most of Eurasia.||Exactly, he launched Mongol invasions and conquered the majority of Eurasia.
These campaigns were often accompanied by large-scale massacres of the civilian populations – especially in the Khwarazmian and Western Xia controlled lands.|Dang thats quite the accomplishment, so much land he took over.|I see, did you know that these campaigns were often accompanied by large-scale massacres of civilians?|It really was, though these campaigns were accompanied by huge amounts of killings of civilians so he wasn't the greatest guy.|I don't know how big a land mass he conquered, but he would often kill civilians on a large scale during his campaigns.
American football, referred to as football in the United States and Canada, and also known as gridiron football or simply gridiron, is a team sport played by two teams of eleven players on a rectangular field with goalposts at each end.|I like American football. What is your favorite team?|I'm a bot, so I don't have favorites. I know that it's a team sport that is played by two teams of eleven players.|I really like football it's an awesome american sport I like the patriots|I am a bot so I don't have favorite team of this team sport also know as gridiron, what about you, what is your favorite American football team?
The offense, which is the team controlling the oval-shaped football, attempts to advance down the field by running with or passing the ball, while the defense, which is the team without control of the ball, aims to stop the offense's advance and aims to take control of the ball for themselves.|Cool I am a Ravens fan, I also like playing football|Cool, the offense, which controls the oval-shaped football, attempts to advance down the field by running with or passing the ball, while the defense, which is the team without control of the ball, aims to stop the offense's advance|I am very disappointed but our offense did really well advancing down the field, our running and passing game wasn't too bad.|Nice, when you play do you like to play on the offense or defense ? I know that the offense attempts to advance while the defense tries to stop the offence
Thomas Edward Patrick Brady Jr. (born August 3, 1977) is an American football quarterback for the New England Patriots of the National Football League (NFL).|I prefer to play on defense, I want to be as god as Thomas Brady one day|Do you play on defense? He was born in 1977.|I am not sure he was born in 1997 so I don't think he has a lot in him maybe.|Speaking of Thomas Brady, did you know that this American football quarterback was born August 3, 1977
The Seattle Seahawks are a professional American football team organized in 1976 and based in Seattle, Washington, US.|Interesting, does he play for the Seattle Seahawks ?|I'm not sure, but they are based in Seattle, Washington.|haha yes I typed the wrong number. He is almost as old as the seattle seahawks since they were formed in 1976|I am not sure if plays for this team, however, I can tell you some facts about the Seattle Seahawks, this American Football team was organized in 1976
Cheerleading is an activity wherein the participants (referred to as ''cheerleaders'') cheer for their team as a form of encouragement.|I used to be a cheerleader in high school, it was really fun.|Oh, cool! Cheerleading is a activity where the participants cheer for their team as a form of encouragement.|Oh really? Were you varsity level? Cheerleading must be some fantastic encouragement for the repsective team!|Oh, really? So you would encourage your team via cheering?
He prides himself on being a big, green, terrifying ogre and is ill-tempered and mean.|Yep. I quit before it got really serious. Cheerleading is also a sport of its own! I would rather watch Shrek than spend that much time practicing cheerleading.|Ah, that's nice. He's a big, green, terrifying ogre and is mean and ill-tempered.||Shrek prides himself for his green, foulness, would you say you are as confident as Shrek with your cheerleading?
Shrek The Musical is a musical with music by Jeanine Tesori and book and lyrics by David Lindsay-Abaire.|Shrek was a fun character, I'm not sure about his level of confidence but I liked this movie.|Oh, that's nice. Did you know that he was a music singer by Jeanine Tesori?|I loved Shrek so much I saw the Musical, Jeanine Tesori is a fantastic composer.|Have you ever seen Shrek The Musical? Jeanine Tesori did the music for it.
Jeanine Tesori (born November 10, 1961, known earlier in her career as Jeanine Levenson) is an American composer and musical arranger.|That's awesome, I've never seen this musical but I wish I had seen it. I'm not familiar with Jeanine Tesori.|Oh, that's nice. She's an American composer.|Yep she is a composer and arranger, what's the difference though really?|She's a composer and musical arranger. She was once known as Jeanine Levenson.
Hans Florian Zimmer (; born 12 September 1957) is a German film score composer and record producer.|Oh, OK. I value many composers like Hans Zimmer.|He's a German film scorer.|Hans is a film scoring wunderkind. Germany should be very proud to have birthed such a genius.|Speaking of Hans Zimmer, did you know he was born in 1957?
Insane Clown Posse (ICP) is an American hip hop duo composed of Violent J (Joseph Bruce) and Shaggy 2 Dope (originally 2 Dope; Joseph Utsler).|Have you ever heard of Insane Clown Posse?|I have not but I know that Violent J and Shaggy 2 Dope are the hip hop duo.|of course, It is an American hip hop duo composed of Joseph Bruce and Shaggy|Of course, its an American hip hop duo composed of Joseph Bruce and Shaggy 2 Dope.
Founded in Detroit in 1989, Insane Clown Posse performs a style of hardcore hip hop known as horrorcore and is known for its elaborate live performances.|How familiar are you with the horrorcore genre they perform?|I'm a bot, so I can't listen to music. I know that they're known for their live performances.|Quite well, the group started off in Detroit in 1989 and was known for it's  known for its elaborate live performances.|I understand that its a form of hardcore hip hop and that they are known for their elaborate live performances.
The duo has earned two platinum and five gold albums.|I think they would be quite intimidating, as one of the performers is named 'Violent J'|I see, did you know they have two platinum albums and five gold albums?|This amazing group of  had two platinum and five gold albums.|I also know that they have earned 5 gold and 2 platinum albums.
Insane Clown Posse (ICP) is an American hip hop duo composed of Violent J (Joseph Bruce) and Shaggy 2 Dope (originally 2 Dope; Joseph Utsler).|Yeah, do you happen to know the real names of the duo?|I don't, but I know that Violent J and Shaggy 2 Dope are the hip hop duo.|You don't say,  they even went on to own their own  professional wrestling federation, Juggalo Championship Wrestling amongst other successes|Yeah, Violent J is Joseph Bruce while Shaggy 2 Dope is Joseph Utsler.
The duo founded the independent record label Psychopathic Records with Alex Abbiss as manager, and produced and starred in the feature films ''Big Money Hustlas'' and ''Big Money Rustlas''.|That's somewhat tame real names lol. Do you know what else they've done in their careers?|I'm not sure, but they founded the label Psychopathic Records.||To top it all, they formed their own independent record label Psychopathic Records
Instagram is a mobile, desktop, and Internet-based photo-sharing application and service that allows users to share pictures and videos either publicly, or privately to pre-approved followers.|Hey do you like taking pictures?|I'm a bot, so I can't take pictures. I know that Instagram is a photo sharing application and service that allows users to share pictures and videos either publicly or privately.|I really like it! I especially like using Instagram. You know that internet based photo sharing application that allows everyone to share photos and videos publicly?|I'm a bot and can't take pictures. Do you know, though, of the photo sharing service called Instagram?
It was created by Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger, and launched in October 2010 as a free mobile app exclusively for the iOS operating system.|I do!  I enjoy Instagram as well, especially the filters you can overlay on your photography to add depth and shadow and highlights!|Oh, cool! Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger created it.|Yeah! It was created by Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger and they launched it in 2010 as a free app exclusively for the IOS platform.|Oh, that's neat! Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger created it in 2010 for iOS exclusively.
A version for Android devices was released two years later, in April 2012, followed by a feature-limited website interface in November 2012, and apps for Windows 10 Mobile and Windows 10 in April 2016 and October 2016 respectively.|I didn't realize it was exclusive to IOS to begin with, good thing I had an Iphone back then.|Ah, OK. I know that Android was released in April of 2012, and it was a feature-limited website interface.|Totally! But 2 years they they opened it up to other devises like Android, and Windows. :)|They did open up a web interface and Android app in 2012.
It is owned by Facebook.|That's good because now everyone can share pictures together on it!  It's really popular with my kid and her friends too.|Oh, that's nice. Facebook owns it.|I think it is probably one of the most popular apps in the world for sure! It is also owned by Facebook, the super giant of all apps.|Did you know Facebook owns it?
Users can connect their Instagram account to other social media profiles, enabling them to share photos to those profiles as well.|I do remember hearing they bought them, but now I think they work together better, I know I like to forward my pictures and stories to Facebook automatically!|Cool, did you know that Instagram users can connect to other social media profiles?|Yes that is a great service they offer. Users can connect their accounts to any social media profiles they have so that they can share photos and videos there as well. I guess that is why they are so successful. It is really user friendly!|That's pretty cool. You can also link your Instagram account to other accounts on social media so that they can be shared among all of them.
Accounting or accountancy is the measurement, processing, and communication of financial information about economic entities such as businesses and corporations.|I hated accounting in college, I was terrible at it.|Ah, that's the measurement, processing, and communication of financial information about economic entities like corporations and businesses.|Accounting is a measurement process.Do you study accounting at school?|Oh well. I know of accounting as the processing, measurement and reporting of financial information to some sort of economic entity. What accounting material did you do in college?
The terms ''accounting'' and ''financial reporting'' are often used as synonyms.|Only took two course for my business degree because it was required.|That's nice. The term accounting and financial reporting are often used as synonyms.|Financial reporting and accounting as synonymous as a field of study?|Financial reporting and accounting as synonymous as a field of study.
The Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) is a private, non-profit organization standard setting body whose primary purpose is to establish and improve generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) within the United States in the public's interest.|OK. I just learned basic knowledge, but it was a brutal year, to say the least.|I see, did you know the FASB is a non-profit organization standard setting body?|Yeah! It has to do with complex calculation of various items on the Debit and Credit column according to the  Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB|I see. Well, as far as accounting goes, there's a review board that maintains the generally accepted accounting principles in the US. It's called the Financial Accounting Standards Board.
The FASB replaced the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants' (AICPA) Accounting Principles Board (APB) on July 1, 1973.|Oh, OK. Does it have a history?|I'm not sure, but the FASB replaced the AICPA's Accounting Principles Board in 1973.|Its an interesting subject though.All you need is to understand the principles of entry. Credit the giver,Debit the receiver states by the' (AICPA) Accounting Principles Board (APB) on|Well, it replaced the American Institute of CPAs in 1973.
Harry Potter is a series of fantasy novels written by British author J. K. Rowling.|Harry Potter is one of the enduring books that has ever been written in the modern history. Words can describe how fascinated I am by this novel|I see, did you know J. K Rowling wrote it?|Harry Potter was created by JK Rowling.  Do you like it.|That's neat to hear, are you a fan of its author too? J. K. Rowling?
The novels chronicle the life of a young wizard, Harry Potter, and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley, all of whom are students at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.|I really like her. J.K. was truly imaginative and full of dream-like creativity in developing the characters. Do you know the story gist as well?|I know that the novels chronicle the life of a young wizard, Harry Potter, and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley.|I think it's cool that it chronicled the life of wizards at hogwarts.  I'm glad you like it.  What movie was your favorite|Yes, its about Harry Potter and his friends and their lives. What else do you like about these novels?
The main story arc concerns Harry's struggle against Lord Voldemort, a dark wizard who intends to become immortal, overthrow the wizard governing body known as the Ministry of Magic, and subjugate all wizards and muggles, a reference term that means non-magical people.|I really like the main story arc of the story but its been a while and I'm embarrassed I'd mess it up summarizing it for you, unless you already know it?|I know that the main story arc is about Harry's struggle against Lord Voldemort, a dark wizard who intends to become immortal|It's amazing how long it took potter to take down valdemort.  Snape was a good guy from the get  go.  Was snape your favorite character|Actually I do, isn't it about how Harry has to deal with the dark wizard Voldemort?
, the books have sold more than 500 million copies worldwide, making them the best-selling book series in history, and have been translated into seventy-three languages.|Yeah, I really liked how J. K. managed to keep that story going even over 7 books, heck nowadays it seems writers can't even hold a 2 episode tv plot point. You seem quite knowledgeable, do you know how many books were sold?|Yes, the books have sold over 500 million copies worldwide.|I can't believe the books have sold more than 500 million copies.  wow|Can you believe that more than 500 million, yes 500 million copies of the books have been sold around the world?
The series has also had its share of criticism, including concern about the increasingly dark tone as the series progressed, as well as the often gruesome and graphic violence it depicts.|That does not surprise me at all! I bet it got its fair share of haters though, 500 million and there's always that 1 contrarian|I'm not sure, but the series has had a lot of criticism, including concerns about the increasingly dark tone as well as the graphic violence it depicts.|I don't get why people criticize it so much.  But it for sure helped to shape it.  It included concern with a dark tone and had a depiction of graphic violence.|Yeah, criticisms have been used against it like being dark and having graphic violence in it.
Green is the color between blue and yellow on the visible spectrum.|Out of all the colors, green is the only one my views changes back and forth to love and hate. What's your favorite color?|I'm a bot, so I don't have favorites. I know that green is between yellow and blue on the visible spectrum.|My favorite color in pink. On the visible spectrum, the color green lays between blue an dyellow|Since I'm a bot, I have no favorite. That said, I know that green is between yellow and blue on the visible light spectrum.
Many creatures have adapted to their green environments by taking on a green hue themselves as camouflage.|Yellow is for sure a color I dislike, maybe that's why my view on green changes so much.  You know anything else on it?|I know that many creatures have adapted to their green environments by taking on a green hue themselves as camouflage.|Im not too sure. Many wild animals have adapted to their green environments by learning how to camoflauge themselves|I do, many creatures are green to blend into their environment.
For this reason, the costume of the ''Mona Lisa'' by Leonardo da Vinci and the benches in the British House of Commons are green while those in the House of Lords are red.|That actually makes a lot of sense. It something I haven't thought of before either. I'm sure that makes green a safety color for them.|I don't know about that but the "Mona Lisa" costume is green while the benches in the House of Commons are red.|The mona lisa painting is green. the costume she wore was green|That's an interesting thought. Moving on to painting, the costume on the Mona Lisa is green.
The Mona Lisa (; or La Gioconda , ) is a half-length portrait painting by the Italian Renaissance artist Leonardo da Vinci that has been described as ''the best known, the most visited, the most written about, the most sung about, the most parodied work of art in the world''.|Oh, that's interesting. I've never really looked at it that closely.|It's been described as the most visited, most written, and the most parodied art work in the world.|Very interesting. The mona lisa was made by leonardo da vinci.|Very interesting. The Mona Lisa was made by Leonardo da Vinci.
The Walking Dead is an American post-apocalyptic horror television series developed by Frank Darabont for AMC that is based on the comic book series of the same name by Robert Kirkman, Tony Moore, and Charlie Adlard.|I used to love The Walking Dead, but it's been forever since I've watched an episode.  I'm so far behind!|Oh, that's nice. Frank Darabont developed it for AMC.|yeah it's such a cool post-apocalyptic tv series|Well, were you watching any other post-apocalyptic horror TV series while you were not watching the walking dead ?
''The Walking Dead'' premiered in the United States on October 31, 2010, exclusively shown on cable television channel AMC and internationally on Fox International Channels.|No because I'm usually not into that genre of movie or TV show, but the cliffhangers keep you hooked.|Oh, yeah? It premiered in the US on October 31, 2010.|it premiered on october 31, 2010 but i feel like it literally just premiered|Got it, do you watch the walking dead since it premiered on October 31, 2010?
''The Walking Dead'' premiered in the United States on October 31, 2010, exclusively shown on cable television channel AMC and internationally on Fox International Channels.|I didn't even know about the show until they were already on the third season, and to me that seems so long ago.|It premiered in the US on October 31, 2010, on cable TV.|yes, it got really popular! it was shown on channel AMC and on Fox|If you think so. Well, did you watch it on AMC or on Fox?
Beginning with its third season, ''The Walking Dead'' has attracted the most 18- to 49-year-old viewers of any cable or broadcast television series.|Since I had some catching up to do, I had to stream it on Netflix, or watch the new episodes at a friend's house.|Oh, that's nice. It's been around for 18 to 49 years.|literally everybody likes it! the walkind dead attracted the most 18 to 49 year old viewers of any cable tv series|So, are you or your friend 18-to 49-year-old? The walking dead attracted the most viewers from this age range of any cable or TV series
Motivation is the reason for people's actions, desires, and needs.|I think every one needs motivation in their lives at some point.|Motivation is the reason for people's actions, desires and needs.|Yes without motivation you have no reason to act on your desires or needs.|Interesting thought. Motivation is what gives people their needs and desires.
Motivation is also one's direction to behavior, or what causes a person to want to repeat a behavior.|Yeah I recently started leaving messages for my girlfriend and she loves them|That's nice. Motivation is also the direction to behavior.|You can really reinforce positive behavior by staying motivated|Motivation is also what gets someone to repeat behavior.
Praise refers to positive evaluations made by a person of another's products, performances, or attributes, where the evaluator presumes the validity of the standards on which the evaluation is based.|exactly it helps both of us its a win win.|That's nice. Praise refers to positive evaluations made by a person of another's products, performances, or attributes.|When you praise your significant other it validates their positive attributes.|Another idea is praise, or positively evaluation another person's actions or attributes.
Praise is distinct from acknowledgement or feedback, which are more neutral forms of recognition, and encouragement, which is more future oriented.|Yeah, I kind of do that with drawings I make. She seems to love them.|Oh, nice. Praise is different from feedback or acknowledgement.|Praise is a great form of acknowledgement and encouragement.|There is also encouragement, which focuses more on the future compared to praise. Do you do that with your girlfriend?
Online shopping is a form of electronic commerce which allows consumers to directly buy goods or services from a seller over the Internet using a web browser.|Online shopping in the modern day is insane, we take it for granted every day|I see, did you know that online shopping is a form of electronic commerce?|I know!  I love buying everything I want from Amazon over the Internet using a web browser|Why do you think that ? You can buy goods or services directly from a seller using a web browser with online shopping.
The tech giant is the largest Internet retailer in the world as measured by revenue and market capitalization, and second largest after Alibaba Group in terms of total sales.|It is just a feeling that I have, I tried to buy something from the Alibaba Group once and it was insane|That's cool. Alibaba Group is the largest Internet retailer in the world, and is second-largest in terms of total sales.|Absolutely I love prime and being able to buy whatever I want from the largest internet retailer in the world|So you already know the Alibaba Group, it is, in terms of total sales, the largest internet retailer on the globe
Black Friday is an informal name for the day following Thanksgiving Day in the United States, the fourth Thursday of November, which has been regarded as the beginning of the country's Christmas shopping season since 1952.|I didn't know it was so big, I like to buy there during Black Friday|Ah, Black Friday. It's been around since 1952.|I love how we can do so much of our black friday shopping now online as well.  It is way easier than fighting lines|Do you buy Christmas stuff during Black Friday? I know it is regarded as the beginning of Christmas shopping season since 1952
A delivery drone, is an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) utilized to transport packages, food or other goods.|Yes, I buy all the Christmas presents during Black Friday, once one was even delivered by a drone, I had never seen such thing before|Ah, that's an unmanned aerial vehicle.|Yes and some companies are even experimenting with delivery drones for delivering their packages|You had never seen an unmanned aerial vehicle before, or you had never seen a drone being utilized to transport packages before?
Bowling is a sport or leisure activity in which a player rolls or throws a bowling ball towards a target.|I personally think bowling is a great game for competition and for recreational play. Do you ever bowl?|I'm a bot, so I can't bowl. I know that it's a sport or a leisure activity where a player rolls or throws a bowling ball towards a target.|I do sometimes! It's fun and relaxing to play a game where you can lob a ball down an aisle and knock down a bunch of pins.|Not at all but I understand its the sport that has a player throw or roll the bowling ball to a target. Are you doing anything with bowling?
A strike is when all the pins are knocked down on the first roll, whereas a spare is when all the pins are knocked over on the second shot.|I am very excited that I get to take a summer bowling course for PE next summer in college. I get coaching, and 2 hours of bowling a day. Should get good at it!|That's nice. Did you know that a strike is when the pins are knocked down on the first roll?|I need to take a class. I would like to be able to knock down all the pins at once and get a strike, or at least knock them down in two tries and get a spare.|That is neat, are you able to hit all the pins on your first roll and get a strike or on your second and get a spare?
The maximum score is 300, which is achieved by getting 12 strikes in a row.|Yeah, sometimes I do, I usually bowl 85-120. I am far from good. Do you know the max score for bowling?|I do not, but I know that the maximum score is 300, which is achieved by getting 12 strikes in a row.|I'm terrible so I'd probably get 15 out of the maximum score of 300. haha! I usually go with family and friends about twice a year.|Yup, you would need to get 12 strikes to get it but the max score is 300.
The pins are arranged in a triangular position by an automated machine.|Yeah, I knew I was not too close yet, oh well after my class I think I'll improve my score a bit. Do you know anything else about bowling?|I know that the pins are arranged by an automated machine in a triangular position.|Even if I suck at bowling, I like the ambiance of a bowling alley and I've always wanted to go behind the automated machines that set up the pins at the end of the lane.|Of course, I know that the pins are set up thanks to an automated machine.
In bowling, a pinsetter, or pinspotter, was originally a person who manually reset bowling pins to their correct position, cleared fallen pins, and returned bowling balls to players.|I always have wondered how the balls loop around and come back up so fast. I also find it crazy how the pins get realigned so fast too.|I'm not sure, but I know that pinsetters were originally people who manually reset pins to their correct position.|Apparently before there were machines, there was an actual person called a pinsetter that would pick up and arrange all the pins that have been knocked over and give the balls back to the players.|Totally, did you know that originally there was a pinsetter? They had to do things manually like resetting the bowling pins, giving the ball back to the players and clear the fallen pins.
Ireland (; ; Ulster-Scots: ) is an island in the North Atlantic.|I have family in Ireland!  Have you ever been there?|I have not but I know that it's an island in the North Atlantic.|I haven't ! Where is Ireland?|No, I'm a bot that can't travel. I know that it's in the North Atlantic, though.
Ireland is the third-largest island in Europe.|It is near England, right?|I'm not sure, but I know it's the third-largest island in Europe.|I think so...It's an island in the North Atlantic, and I think the third largest in Europe.|I don't know, but it's the third-largest European island.
Politically, Ireland is divided between the Republic of Ireland (officially named Ireland), which covers five-sixths of the island, and Northern Ireland, which is part of the United Kingdom, in the northeast of the island.|I didn't know that!  What kind of government rules Ireland?|I'm not sure, but I know that it's divided between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, which is located in the northeast of the island.|I'm actually not sure, but it's divided between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Island, which is considered part of the UK.  I bet it's a beautiful country!|I'm not actually sure, but part of it is the Republic of Ireland, and the other part is Northern Ireland, which belongs to the UK.
The Norman invasion of the late 12th century marked the beginning of more than 800 years of direct English rule and, later, British involvement in Ireland.|Oh.  I didn't realize it was split.  Why the the country divided?|I'm not sure, but the Norman invasion of the late 12th century marked the beginning of over 800 years of direct English rule.|I'm not 100% sure, but I think it has something to do with the Norman invasion in the 12th century.|I'm not 100% sure. That said, after the Norman invasion in the 12th century, it was ruled by England for 800 years.
A number of herbal concoctions and tonics have been used by strong men and athletes since ancient times across cultures to try to increase their strength and stamina.|I love drinking protein powder.|Do you use herbal concoctions and tonics? They've been used by strong men and athletes since ancient times across cultures.|I only take herbal supplements to increase my strength and stamina.|Do you like to take herbal concoctions and tonics as well? Those have been used by athletes to increase strength and stamina since ancient times
Herbalism (also herbal medicine or phytotherapy) is the study of botany and use of plants intended for medicinal purposes or for supplementing a diet.|I have never taken herbal supplements|Oh, that's nice. Did you know that herbal medicine is also called phytotherapy?|Anything that is plant based that I can substitute into my diet.|Have you ever heard of herbalism? it involves using plants for diet or medicinal purpose
As of 1999, it was estimated that ''4 billion people live primarily on a plant-based diet'', and that ''shortage of cropland, freshwater, and energy resources requires that most of the 4 billion people live primarily on a plant-based diet''.|I have never heard of it but I do like a plant based diet.|That's interesting. As of 1999, 4 billion people live on a plant-based diet.|Yes, it is very popular because three are more than 4 billion people who follow a plant based diet.|Nice, did you know that 4 billion people live on a plant-based diet?
The 1970s and 1980s marked a dramatic increase in the growth of the bodybuilding supplement industry, fueled by widespread use of modern marketing techniques and a marked increase in recreational bodybuilding.|I didn't know that. What do you know about bodybuilding supplements?|Well, I know that the 1970s and 1980s marked a dramatic increase in the bodybuilding supplement industry.||Bodybuilding supplements started to become really popular in the 1970's due to the use of various marketing techniques.
Ten-pin bowling is a sport in which a player (called a ''bowler'') rolls a bowling ball down a wood-structure or synthetic (polyurethane) lane and towards ten pins positioned at the end of the lane.|I enjoy bowling on occasion.|Cool, do you like to roll a bowling ball down a synthetic lane or wood-structure?|Really, I love bowling as well. My friends and I quite often. I never get all pins tho|Is that so? Are we talking about ten-pin bowling, where you roll a ball towards 10 pins at the end of a wood or synthetic lane?
The primary objective of the game is to score as many points as possible.|Yeah, that's it. I'm really bad. I use the bumpers even as an adult because I think it makes the game more exciting to not gutterball every move!|Oh, that's nice. The goal of the game is to score as many points as possible.|I'm very terrible at it and only play for fun. I do score points somehow though.|Does that help you reach the objective of the most points possible?
A bowling alley (or bowling center) is a facility where the sport of bowling, often ten-pin bowling, takes place.|Yeah, better than zero! We have some themed bowling alleys around here locally, and each lane is themed like a superhero.|Oh, that's cool. Have you ever been to a bowling alley? It's a facility where the sport of bowling is done.|Oh that sounds really cool and fun. All of our local bowling alleys are just the basics. A batman theme would really be cool.|Ah, so you go to bowling alleys to bowl?
The Wii ( ) is a home video game console released by Nintendo on November 19, 2006.|Yeah, that's right. Sometimes I play on the Wii, though.|Oh, that's nice. The Wii came out in 2006.|I have tried it a time or 2 and I did like it. I think I do much better on the Wii lol|Speaking of the Wii, did you know it came out in 2006?
Much of the series takes place in and around Atlanta, Georgia, and later Alexandria, Virginia.|Hey. Are you caught up on the walking dead?|I'm a bot, so I can't walk. I know that a lot of the series takes place around Atlanta, Georgia.|Hey there! I am! A lot of it actually takes place around Atlanta Georgia?|Hi! I can't watch The Walking Dead, because I'm a bot. Did you know that it takes place in Atlanta, Georgia and Alexandria, Virginia?
After being mostly burned to the ground during the American Civil War, the city rose from its ashes to become a national center of commerce and the unofficial capital of the ''New South''.|Ya I actually used to only live like an hour from the set|That's nice. Did you know that the city rose from its ashes to become a commerce center?|Oh thats nice!  What town around the ''New South'' did you live?|Oh, that's nice! Atlanta's become a center of commerce since being rebuilt after the Civil War. Where near there do you live?
Voiced by:  Sheriff Woody Pride is a 1950s old traditional pull string cowboy doll, and Andy's favorite toy.|I lived in Carrollton. Also got to meet some of the cast at a toy store opening in Newnan.|Oh, that's nice. Sheriff Woody Pride is Andy's favorite toy.|Thats awesome!  Did you get to meet Sheriff Woody Pride?|That's awesome? On a completely unrelated note, have you heard of Sheriff Woody Pride, the 1950s pulls-string cowboy doll?
''The Walking Dead'' premiered in the United States on October 31, 2010, exclusively shown on cable television channel AMC and internationally on Fox International Channels.|From Toy Story, yes. Getting back to The Walking Dead, do you know what channel its on outside the US?|Yes, it premiered in the US on October 31, 2010, on cable TV.|Yeah its been running since 2010.  That's a pretty long time for a show.|It's shown on Fox International Channels outside the US. It's been on since 2010.
Winter is the coldest season of the year in polar and temperate zones (winter does not occur in the tropical zone).|Winter is the best time of year. The cold crisp air. The blanket of snow on the farm land. Don't you agree?|I don't have an opinion about that. I do know that it's the coldest season in temperate and polar zones.|I don't agree! I hate winter- it's the coldest season, and where I live, there is usually so much snow. Yuck!|I'm a bot and can't experience seasons, but I'm aware that it's the coldest of the seasons in temperate regions.
In many regions, winter is associated with snow and freezing temperatures.|I'm from Colorado so I know about snow. My city gets an average to 10-12 feet a year.|That's nice. In many regions, winter is associated with freezing temperatures and snow.|You would see a lot of snow! Moving is not so easy, I'm Canadian, and when it is winter, it is winter in the whole country.|Yes, winter is associated with freezing temps and with snow.
Puerto Rico (Spanish for ''Rich Port''), officially the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico (, ''Free Associated State of Puerto Rico'') and briefly called Porto Rico, is an unincorporated territory of the United States located in the northeast Caribbean Sea.|Yep. I bet they don't have snow in Puerto Rico, though.|I'm not sure, but it's an unincorporated territory of the US.|I've never been to Puerto Rico, but I'm not sure I could get a visa. It's tempting- but aren't they still without electricity in many regions?|I wouldn't know, but it's located in the Caribbean Sea. Did you know its name means "Rich Port"?
Puerto Rico's history, tropical climate, natural scenery, traditional cuisine, and tax incentives make it a destination for travelers from around the world.|No, that's interesting! What else do you know about Puerto Rico?|Well, I also know that it's a destination for travelers from around the world.|Hmmm...I like a tropical climate. Think they need special education teachers? That's what I do.|It's a travel destination due to its history, scenery, tropical climate, and cuisine.
English as a second or foreign language is the use of English by speakers with different native languages.|They speak Spanish there, right? English would be considered a foreign language.|I'm not sure, but I know that it's used by people with different native languages.|Wow, that is very interesting and appealing. I like the idea of teaching English as a second language. Good idea that you've given me!|I wouldn't know, but if they're using English as a second language, they would be using a different native language.
Color influences perceptions that are not obvious, such as the taste of food.|I love the color green. It is my favorite color!|Cool, did you know that color influences perceptions that are not obvious?|Does the color green make you think of certain foods?|Does the color green make you think of certain foods? I know that color can influence perceptions such as taste of food
Broccoli is often boiled or steamed but may be eaten raw.|It actually does. Vegetable of course, like broccoli and spinach.|Do you like broccoli boiled or steamed?||Do you like eating broccoli and spinach raw or steamed?
Broccoli is often boiled or steamed but may be eaten raw.|I actually prefer is sauteed in butter and garlic - how about you?|I'm a bot, so I can't eat. I know that broccoli can be eaten raw.|I like it steamed and raw. They are both good vegetables.|I am a bot so I don't have preferences over such things, but I know that broccoli can e boiled, steamed or eaten raw
There are variations of the diet as well: an ovo-lacto vegetarian diet includes both eggs and dairy products, an ovo-vegetarian diet includes eggs but not dairy products, and a lacto-vegetarian diet includes dairy products but not eggs.|Yes - I really try to incorporate lots of greens in my diet. Do you as well?|I'm a bot, so I can't eat. I do know that there are variations in the diet, like ovo-lacto vegetarians, which include both eggs and dairy products.|Yes I try to eat as much of a vegetarian-centric diet as possible.|As I told you, I am a bot and bots don't have diets, tell me about your diet, are you an ovo-lacto vegetarian, meaning that you eat both eggs and dairy?
Other motivations for vegetarianism are health-related, political, environmental, cultural, aesthetic, economic, or personal preference.|I don't eat anything that comes from animals, I always feel better when my diet is more plant based.|I see, did you know vegetarianism has health-related motivations?|I eat more vegetarian based  mostly because it has less issues with health problems and it is generally cheaper.|Cool, now tell me, what is your motivation for vegetarianism? Is it political, cultural or health-related?
Winter is the coldest season of the year in polar and temperate zones (winter does not occur in the tropical zone).|I love winter, it's my favorite season of the year. What do you like about it?|I'm a bot, so I can't watch movies. I know that it's the coldest season in temperate and polar zones.|I love winter because it is so cold and cozy.|I know that your favorite season, winter, is the coldest season, but I don't have likes or dislikes about it
Winter is the coldest season of the year in polar and temperate zones (winter does not occur in the tropical zone).|I wonder if winter is also cold in tropical regions|I'm not sure, but it's the coldest season in temperate and polar regions.|It depends, but winter can get really cold, like below freezing.|Can you believe that winter actually doesn't occur in the tropical zone?
Winter is the coldest season of the year in polar and temperate zones (winter does not occur in the tropical zone).|I didn't know that, what else do you know about winter ?|Well, I also know that winter is the coldest season in temperate and polar zones.|I really don't know, though probably somewhere in New England since they have cold, harsh winters.|Well, I know that even though winter doesn't happen in the tropical zone, it is the coldest season in polar and temperate zones
Winter is the coldest season of the year in polar and temperate zones (winter does not occur in the tropical zone).|I'm lucky enough to be in the south, so our winters aren't bad. Who has the most mild winters?|I'm not sure, but I know that winter is the coldest season in temperate and polar zones.|Over here in Oklahoma the winters are starting to get more mild and not as cold now.|I am not sure about mild winters, what I know is that if you live in polar or temperate zones, winter will be the coldest season
Snow refers to forms of ice crystals that precipitate from the atmosphere (usually from clouds) and undergo changes on the Earth's surface.|What about trees during the winter transition? They can definitely get overburdened with snow.|I'm not sure, but snow is a form of ice crystals that precipitate from the atmosphere.|Yeah, but hey I love snow and ice.|I can't confirm is that happens or not, what I know about snow is that it is a form of ice crystal that falls from the atmosphere
Harry Potter is a series of fantasy novels written by British author J. K. Rowling.|i love harry potter|Oh, cool! Did you know J. K Rowling wrote the series of fantasy novels?|I really like Harry Potter and J.K. Rowling.|You mean the fantasy novel series by J. K. Rowling?
Harry Potter is a series of fantasy novels written by British author J. K. Rowling.|yea its a great series|I see, did you know J. K Rowling wrote the series of fantasy novels?|For a while I never knew that J.K. Rowling was a British author.|Were you aware that Rowling is British?
The novels chronicle the life of a young wizard, Harry Potter, and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley, all of whom are students at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.|oh yea i didnt know that|The novels chronicle the life of a young wizard, Harry Potter, and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley.|The story is about, you guessed it, Harry Potter and his buddies.|Ah, OK. The story is about Harry Potter and his friends at wizard school.
The novels chronicle the life of a young wizard, Harry Potter, and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley, all of whom are students at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.|we wuz wizurds and stuff right?|I'm not sure, but the novels chronicle the life of a young wizard, Harry Potter, and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley.||Yep. Two of his friends were Hermoine and Ron.
The novels chronicle the life of a young wizard, Harry Potter, and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley, all of whom are students at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.|nice thats really cool.|The novels chronicle the life of a young wizard, Harry Potter, and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley.|All of this would take place at the school that they attended called Hogwarts School of Witchcraft.|All of this would take place at the school that they attended called Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.
The name, which alters ''poodle'' to ''doodle'' by analogy to ''Labradoodle'', was coined in 1992.|I'm thinking of getting a Goldendoodle - have you heard of them?|Yes, they were coined in 1992.|Not until now. I had heard of a Labradoodle. The phrase changes ''poodle'' to ''doodle'' and was apparently first used in 1992, so quite recent.|I know that the name is altered from poodle, and is analogous to Labradoodle.
The Goldendoodle is a cross-breed dog, which is obtained by breeding a Golden Retriever with a Poodle.|Interesting!  How did the name Goldendoodle come to be?|I'm not sure, but they are cross-bred dogs.||A Goldendoodle is the result of breeding a Golden Retriever with a Poodle, hence the name Goldendoodle!
The Encyclopædia Britannica traces the term ''designer dog'' to the late 20th century when breeders began to cross purebred Poodles with other purebred breeds in order to obtain a dog with the poodle's non-shedding coat, along with various desirable characteristics from other breeds.|That makes sense!  Why would someone want to do that?|I'm not sure, but the Encyclopdia Britannica traces the term "designer dog" to the late 20th century.|Poodles generally don't shed and breeders wanted to cross breed to obtain a dog which didn't shed but had other desirable traits from other breeds. They are considered good for people with certain allergies.|I don't know for sure, but in general breeders cross-breed poodles because of the breed's non-shedding coat.
Although not all goldendoodles exhibit the non-shedding coat type of the Standard Poodle, most goldendoodles do have a low to non-shedding coat.|That was a good idea!  I really don't want dog hair all over the place, so if it doesn't shed, that's great!|Oh, that's nice. Did you know that most goldendoodles have a low to non-shedding coat?||Well, not all Goldendoodles are non-shedding, but most do have a low to no-shedding coat.
Genghis Khan or Chinggis Khaan (born Temüjin, c. 1162 August 18, 1227), was the Great Khan and founder of the Mongol Empire, which became the largest contiguous empire in history after his death.|I think that Genghis Khan has a fascinating history|Ah, that's interesting. He was the Great Khan and founder of the Mongol Empire.|Yes, Khan was born circa 1162 and died in 1227. He was the founder of the Mongol Empire.|Is that so? I'm aware he was born around 1162 and died in 1227. He was the founder of the Mongol Empire.
By the end of his life, the Mongol Empire occupied a substantial portion of Central Asia and China.|Didn't that empire stretch over most of the continent and then some?|I'm not sure, but by the end of his life, the Mongol Empire occupied a large part of China and Central Asia.|Yes, by the end of Khan's life, the Mongol Empire stretched across Central Asia and China.|I don't know about "and then some", but by the time he died, the empire covered much of Central Asia and China.
His descendants extended the Mongol Empire across most of Eurasia by conquering or creating vassal states in all of modern-day China, Korea, the Caucasus, Central Asia, and substantial portions of Eastern Europe and Southwest Asia.|Wow, can you imagine having an empire that large? Did he have children of leaders to help him manage?|I'm not sure, but he's survived the Mongol Empire, which was extended across most of Eurasia.|Yes, he had many descendants that helped him rule much of the Eurasia continent by conquering vassal states.|Yes, in fact his descendants expanded the empire over most of Eurasia.
He was buried in an unmarked grave somewhere in Mongolia.|I have always wondered about his sword made from a meteor, is there any truth to that?|I'm not sure, but he was buried in an unmarked grave somewhere in Mongolia.|I have not heard of that myth. I would not place much stock in it as meteors are rocks which would not make an ideal sword. Khan is buried in an unmarked grave somewhere.|I couldn't say. I do know his grave somewhere in Mongolia was unmarked.
Green is the color between blue and yellow on the visible spectrum.|green is a cool color.|Cool, did you know that green is between yellow and blue on the visible spectrum?|It really is! It's also between blue and yellow.|Ah, OK. It's between yellow and blue on the visible light spectrum.
In subtractive color systems, used in painting and color printing, it is created by a combination of yellow and blue, or yellow and cyan; in the RGB color model, used on television and computer screens, it is one of the additive primary colors, along with red and blue, which are mixed in different combinations to create all other colors.|Yea mixing those two gives green so it makes sense|In subtractive color systems, it is created by a combination of yellow and blue, or yellow and cyan, or yellow and cyan.||It is a mixture of yellow and blue in subtractive color systems though.
It is evoked by light which has a dominant wavelength of roughly 495570 nm.|I really like the color green it was my fav|That's nice. Did you know that the dominant wavelength is 495570 nm?||The dominant wavelength is also 495570 nm.
In subtractive color systems, used in painting and color printing, it is created by a combination of yellow and blue, or yellow and cyan; in the RGB color model, used on television and computer screens, it is one of the additive primary colors, along with red and blue, which are mixed in different combinations to create all other colors.|oh thats cool though i think you missed a dash|I see, did you know that in subtractive color systems, yellow and blue are used in painting and color printing?|Oh yes, my bad. In the RGB color system it is a mixture of cyan and yellow.|Thanks for letting me know. Anyway, it's a primary color in RGB systems like for TVs, but it's a mixture of yellow and blue in subtractive systems like for printing.
In subtractive color systems, used in painting and color printing, it is created by a combination of yellow and blue, or yellow and cyan; in the RGB color model, used on television and computer screens, it is one of the additive primary colors, along with red and blue, which are mixed in different combinations to create all other colors.|Oh, I see. That makes sense.|In subtractive color systems, it is created by a combination of yellow and blue, or yellow and cyan, or yellow and cyan.|It really is, without RGB we wouldn't have screens.|It can also be a mixture of yellow and cyan in subtractive systems.
Typical garnishes include mustard, ketchup, onions, mayonnaise, relish, coleslaw, cheese, chili, olives, and sauerkraut.|i love hot dogs|Cool! Do you like to garnish your hot dogs with ketchup, mustard, onions, or other garnishes?|Me to fresh off the grill with onions, ketchup and mustard it is delicious how do you like yours?|That's nice. What do you like to like on yours? Typically people have toppings like ketchup, onions, relish, or other toppings.
Hot dogs made with caribou meat added are sold as ''reindeer dogs'' throughout Alaska.|I like to have all kinds of things. What are hot dogs made from?|I'm not sure, but they are sold as "reindeer dogs" in Alaska.|I still like hot dogs even though hot dogs are made from caribou meat in Alaska.|I don't know what they're made from in general, but in Alaska they have "reindeer dogs", which are made from caribou meat.
Hot dog variants include the corn dog and pig in a blanket.|there's all beef hotdogs|Yes, there are also hot dogs that include pigs and corn dogs in a blanket.|Yes but some are still not all beef they add other ingredients especially the hot dogs that are in corn dogs just a fun fact.|There are also variants like corn dogs and pigs in a blanket. Do you like those?
Beef is a source of high-quality protein and essential nutrients.|I do. Mostly I like all-beef hot dogs.|Oh, cool! Beef is a source of high-quality protein and essential nutrients.|That is good to know then because all beef is important it is a high source of protein which we need.|Well, beef provides high-quality protein and some essential nutrients.
Beef skeletal muscle meat can be cut into roasts, short ribs or steak (filet mignon, sirloin steak, rump steak, rib steak, rib eye steak, hanger steak, etc.).|i agree|Beef skeletal muscle meat can be cut into roasts, short ribs or steak.|Beef is also a main source for steaks like sirlon and rib eye etc.|Beef can also be had via roasts, short ribs, or steak.
Grand Teton National Park is a United States National Park in northwestern Wyoming.|I've been to a lot of National Parks, I think Yellowstone was my favorite.  Have you been to any good ones?|No, I'm a bot and can't visit National Parks. I know that Grand Teton National Park is in Wyoming.|Yellowstone is beautiful! I've only ever been to Grand Teton National Park in Wyoming, but the west coast of the US has tons of parks.|No, I can't go to parks because I'm a bot. I am aware of the Grand Teton National Park in Wyoming.
The United States has 59 protected areas known as national parks that are operated by the National Park Service, an agency of the Department of the Interior.|I wish I was on the west coast sometimes.  I feel like I'd spend a lot more time out in nature if I had better choices nearby.|That's nice. The US has 59 protected areas that are called national parks.|If you ever get a chance to visit the West Coast, I'd recommend Miur Woods in California. It's also a National Park.|Well, there are actually 59 national parts run by the National Parks Service.
Many current national parks had been previously protected as national monuments by the president under the Antiquities Act before being upgraded by Congress.|Oh, really? That's a lot!|Yes, many of the current national parks were protected by the president under the Antiquities Act before being upgraded by Congress.|Yep, it's a huge forest! The National Park Service manages it. It's a protected national monument.|Many of them were national monuments before Congress upgraded them.
The National Park Service (NPS) is an agency of the United States federal government that manages all national parks, many national monuments, and other conservation and historical properties with various title designations.|I'm really happy that people try to protect parts of nature, I'm always worried it'll all disappear someday. So does the National Park Service run all the national parks?|I'm not sure, but I know that the National Park Service manages all the national parks, monuments, and other historical and conservation properties.|I agree. It's unfortunate that we need the government to step in, but it's great having NPS manage and conserve these parks.|Yep, along with national monuments and other types of conservation and historical properties.
The flagship store has supposedly become something of a ''required stop'' for those visiting New York, and celebrities such as Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen, Katie Holmes and her daughter, Suri Cruise, Janet Jackson, and Madonna reportedly make a point to visit the store.|I love me some Dylans candy bars.|Oh, neat! Did you know that the flagship store is supposedly a'required stop'?|It's the best place in New York to pick up candy!|Oh, yeah? I know they have their flagship store in New York.
Lauren said that her goal was to ''merge fashion, art and pop candy culture''.|Yeah, it's got great style, too.|That's great. Did you know she wanted to make fashion, art, and pop candy culture?|Yes! And beautiful too. I almost feel bad eating them - like little works of art.|Yes, Lauren said that her goal for the shop was to merge the cultures of fashion, art, and candy.
Dylan's Candy Bar is a chain of boutique candy shops and candy supplier currently located in New York City; East Hampton, New York; Los Angeles, Chicago and Miami Beach, as well as in wholesale venues around the globe.|Little works of art that melt in your mouth lol!|I see, did you know that they are currently in New York City?|The store in Los Angeles is huge. Hoping we get to visit the one in Chicago while we're up for Thanksgiving.|Dylan's has stores in several big cities. Which do you go to?
It has become a location for several television shows and movies based in New York.|I go to the LA one. I've seen the New York one in movies, though.|That's nice. It's become a location for several TV shows and movies.|You'll have to check next time there's one nearby. Sometimes they shut the store down to file TV shows.|Yes, the New York store has been seen in several TV shows and movies.
The flagship store has supposedly become something of a ''required stop'' for those visiting New York, and celebrities such as Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen, Katie Holmes and her daughter, Suri Cruise, Janet Jackson, and Madonna reportedly make a point to visit the store.|Thats really cool. I never knew they filmed tv shows there!|Oh, yeah? Did you know that the flagship store is supposedly a'required stop' for those visiting New York?|Yes! And sometimes you run into celebrities - I saw Katie Holmes there buying lolipops with Suri last year.|Celebrities like Katie Holmes and Janet Jackson have also been known to shop there.
The modern field was established by the Italian mathematician Luca Pacioli in 1494.|I am an accountant. What is your profession.|I'm a bot, so I can't work. I know that the modern field was established by the Italian mathematician in 1494.|Pacioli established accounting in 1494 if I remember correctly ha. I work in healthcare|No profession here ha. Did you learn that Luca Pacioli was the one who setup the modern field in 1494?
58% of US community hospitals are non-profit, 21% are government owned, and 21% are for-profit.|I think my teacher did say something about that but it was probably an early course that I don't remember much. Can you tell me anything about healthcare?|Well, 58% of community hospitals are non-profits, 21% are government owned, and 21% are for-profits.|I have an administrative role at a non-profit hospital|It may interest you to know that more than half of the US community hospitals are non-profits. Only 21% are for-profit.
Non-profit hospitals are mostly funded by charity, religion or research/educational funds.|That is interesting actually, who funds the non-profits? I don't believe its all charity since there's so many charities.|I'm not sure, but I know that non-profit hospitals are mostly funded by religion, charity, or research/educational funds.|I work in obtaining funding for the hospital. What type of accounting do you do?|Charities are a portion but other places that fund the non-profit hospitals include religion and research or educational funds.
Jerome Lee (J. Lee) Nicholson (1863 - November 2, 1924) was an American accountant, industrial consultant, author and educator at the New York University and Columbia University, known as pioneer in cost accounting.|I see, I'm sort of surprised research would give to non-profits when it seems in there interest to try for-profit.  I've been working as accountant and wish to practice cost accounting, do you know anything about it?|Yes, Jerome Lee Nicholson was a pioneer in cost accounting.|Lee had major impacts in the field of cost accounting|I don't know about cost-accounting specifically but know of Jerome Lee Nicholson. Nicholson was known as a pioneer of the field.
Jerome Lee (J. Lee) Nicholson (1863 - November 2, 1924) was an American accountant, industrial consultant, author and educator at the New York University and Columbia University, known as pioneer in cost accounting.|That is interesting to know, what else can you tell me about this Jerome Lee Nicholson?|He was a pioneer in cost accounting.|My mistake. Nicholson. J. Lee Nicholson was an educator at Columbia|Well he was born in 1863 and he was an accountant, a consultant, as well as an author and educator.
Accounting or accountancy is the measurement, processing, and communication of financial information about economic entities such as businesses and corporations.|I am really interested in going into the accounting field, what can you tell me about it ?|Well, I know that accounting is the measurement, processing, and communication of financial information about economic entities such as corporations and businesses.||Accounting is the measuring, processing, and communication of financial information about businesses and corporations. What makes you interested in it?
Accounting can be divided into several fields including financial accounting, management accounting, external auditing, tax accounting and cost accounting.|i like handling financial affairs and i think i would be good at helping others|Ah, that's nice. Accounting can be divided into several fields, like financial accounting, management accounting, and cost accounting.||Do you want to go into financial accounting, management accounting, tax accounting, or cost accounting?
The modern field was established by the Italian mathematician Luca Pacioli in 1494.|management accounting seems like where its at right now|I'm not sure, but the modern field was established by the Italian mathematician in 1494.|It's a good career to have, and it's been around for a long time. It was first established in 1494 by an Italian mathematician|Oh, OK. Well, I have some history on accounting, it was established in 1494 by an Italian mathematician.
The modern field was established by the Italian mathematician Luca Pacioli in 1494.|what was that gentleman's name ?|It was established by the Italian mathematician Luca Pacioli in 1494.||His name was Luca Pacioli.
Fra Luca Bartolomeo de Pacioli (sometimes ''Paccioli'' or ''Paciolo''; 1447–1517) was an Italian mathematician, Franciscan friar, collaborator with Leonardo da Vinci, and a seminal contributor to the field now known as accounting.|ah i think i have heard of him|He was a mathematician, collaborator with Leonardo da Vinci, and a seminal contributor to the field now known as accounting.||He was also a Franciscan friar and had collaborated with Leonardo da Vinci.
The word comes from the Latin ''arcus''.|So I picked up archery recently and to my surprise, I really enjoy it. Have you ever tried?|I have not but I know that the word "arcus" comes from Latin.|Yes, actually! I enjoy archery very much. I actually found out it comes from (arcus) Latin!|No, I'm a bot and can't do that sort of thing, though I know it's from the Latin word arcus.
However, a significant portion of the English vocabulary comes from Romance and Latinate sources.|What other Latin words do you know?|Well, I know that a significant portion of the English vocabulary comes from Romance and Latinate sources.|I don't know many, but I do know that a significant portion of English comes from Latinate sources.|I don't know any, but I do know that a significant portion of English comes from Latinate and Romance sources.
In sports, a winning streak is a consecutive sequence of won games, or won competitions.|Huh. Back to archery, I might start competitive archery. Maybe I'll get a little win streak going.|Yeah, in sports, a winning streak is a sequence of won games or competitions.|I started when I was ten. I got a winning streak when I was 15, which means I won a consecutive sequence of games.|So, you think you could win consecutive matches (i.e., win streak), then?
The 2010–11 ISU Junior Grand Prix was the 14th season of the ISU Junior Grand Prix, a series of international junior level competitions organized by the International Skating Union.|I think I want to enter one but I have no idea where to start.|I'm not sure, but I know that the ISU Junior Grand Prix was the 14th season of the competition.|You could enter the Junior Grand Prix! It's a series of international junior level competitions.|There is a series of international competitions called the ISU Junior Grand Prix, though it's put on by the International Skating Union.
Broken heart (also known as a heartbreak or heartache) is a term metaphor for the intense emotional—and sometimes physical—stress or pain one feels at experiencing great longing.|I am just devastated!  My boyfriend broke up with me last night!  I'm still crying!|Oh, that's nice. Broken heart is a metaphor for the pain or stress one feels at longing.|Thank you for sharing. I'm sorry to hear that. It sounds like you have the metaphorical ''broken heart''... with all that intense emotional, maybe even physical, stress and pain you're probably feeling.|Would you say you have a broken heart ? This term metaphor is for the intense emotional stress on feels
Emotional pain that is severe can cause 'broken heart syndrome', including physical damage to the heart.|It just hurts so much!  Why did he have to break my heart?  Metaphorically or otherwise!  Will I ever get over it?|I'm not sure, but I know that emotional pain can cause heart syndrome.|It what makes you a part of the human race, having those feelings.. it's a cross-cultural concept that's been around for at least 3,000 years when talking about losing someone you desire, or who you loved. Time heals all wounds, as they say. But there is such a thing as ''broken heart syndrome,'' where physical damage happens to the heart. You should monitor yourself closely if you don't start feeling better with time.|I can't answer you that, what I know about emotional pain is that it can cause broken heart syndrome if it is severe.
The ''social-attachment system'' uses the ''pain system'' to encourage humans to maintain their close social relationships by causing pain when those relationships are lost.|I couldn't even go to work today, I am so stressed! I hate him!!  I know that time will help, but right now I am so miserable!|That's too bad. The "social-attachment system" uses the "pain system" to encourage people to maintain close social relationships.|Well.. take some positive stock in what you're feeling. That emotional pain you're feeling from your broken heart--not only is it natural, but it's believed to be part of the survival instinct. Your body wants you to maintain your close social relationships, and you feel pain when they're lost. It's classic ''social-attachment system'' theory. You're human!|Well, what I can tell you is that the pain system is used to encourage humans to keep their close social relationships
The concept is believed to be universal, with many cultures using the same words to describe both physical pain and the feelings associated with relationship loss.|Well I'm glad I'm human, but my jerk boyfriend sure isn't!|I see, well the concept is believed to be universal.|Haha. Good point. Well, like I've been trying to say, it's a universal concept, and many cultures use the same word to describe the physical pain and feelings that come with their relationship loss. Throughout time, they made it through okay, and I'm sure you will, too.|If you say so, another thing I can tell you is that physical pain and the feelings of relationship loss are described by the same words in many cultures
The neurological process involved in the perception of heartache is not known, but is thought to involve the anterior cingulate cortex of the brain, which during stress may overstimulate the vagus nerve causing pain, nausea or muscle tightness in the chest.|Yeah, you're probably right.  He just better not be seeing someone else!|The neurological process involved in the perception of heartache is not known, but it is thought to involve the anterior cingulate cortex of the brain, which during stress may overstimulate the vagus nerve causing pain, nausea or muscle tightness in the chest.|We still haven't narrowed don the neurological processes involved, funny enough, of how we view heartache. But at least we know it involves  involve the anterior cingulate cortex of the brain, which during stress may overstimulate the vagus nerve causing pain, nausea or muscle tightness in the chest. So, just monitor the symptoms.|Now speaking of the neurological process involved in heartache, did you know that this process is actually not know ?
A cardigan is a type of knitted garment (sweater) that has an open front.|I love to wear Cardigan's in the winter. Do you own any?|I'm a bot, so I can't wear them. I know they're knitted and have an open front.|A cardigan is also called sweater,is a type of knitted garment|No, I'm a bot with no body. I know that a cardigan has an open front, though.
A more modern version of the garment has no buttons and hangs open by design.|What else can you tell me about them?|Well, I also know that a more modern version of the garment has no buttons and hangs open by design.|garment has no buttons and hangs open by design|Well, there are more modern versions that don't have buttons.
The cardigan was named after James Brudenell, 7th Earl of Cardigan, a British Army Major General who led the Charge of the Light Brigade at the Battle of Balaclava during the Crimean War.|Do you know where they originated?|I'm not sure, but they were named after James Brudenell, 7th Earl of Cardigan.|The cardigan was named after James Brudenell, 7th Earl of Cardigan, a British Army Major General who led the Charge of the Light Brigade at the Battle of Balaclava ,it was a period of the crimean war|The cardigan was named after James Brudenell, 7th Earl of Cardigan, a British Army Major General who led the Charge of the Light Brigade at the Battle of Balaclava. It was a period of the Crimean war
It is modelled after the knitted wool waistcoat that British officers supposedly wore during the war.|What kind of material are they generally made from?|I'm not sure, but they are modelled from the knitted wool waistcoat that British officers supposedly wore during the war.|It is modelled after the knitted wool waistcoat,worn by the British officers during the war|I couldn't say, but they're modeled after British officers' wool waistcoats.
The legend of the event and the fame that Lord Cardigan achieved after the war led to the rise of the garment's popularity.|That is very interesting. I do know they have become quite popular over the last few years.|I see, did you know that the garment's popularity was boosted by the legend of the event?|legend of the event and the fame that Lord Cardigan achieved after the war led to the rise of the popularity of garments|The legend of the event and the fame that Lord Cardigan achieved after the war led to the rise of the popularity of garments.
Accounting, which has been called the ''language of business'', measures the results of an organization's economic activities and conveys this information to a variety of users, including investors, creditors, management, and regulators.|I am aspiring to be an accountant. I want to know more about accounting|Well, accounting is the language of business. It measures the results of an organization's economic activities.||Accounting has been called the ''language of business.
Certified Public Accountant (CPA) is the title of qualified accountants in numerous countries in the English-speaking world.|I see. What course do i need to take to become an accountant?|I'm not sure, but I know that Certified Public Accountant is a title of qualified accountants in many countries.|You need to get the title of CPA. Its for qualified accountants in numerous countries.|I don't know, but in many English-speaking countries, once you become a qualified accountant, you are called a Certified Public Accountant.
College admissions in the United States refers to the process of applying for entrance to institutions of higher education for undergraduate study at one of the nation's 2,675 schools.|i see. do i need to get that in a university|I'm not sure, but college admissions in the US refers to the process of applying for admission to higher education institutions.|Yes, you need to go to a College. You have to apply for entrance to institutions.|That I don't know, but since we're on the subject of college, did you know there are 2,675 undergraduate schools in the US?
Millions of high school students apply to college each year.|Wow, that's a lot! How many students apply?|Millions of high school students apply to college each year.|Just pick one. Million of people apply to college every year.|I don't know the exact number, but it's in the millions.
Archery is the sport, practice or skill of using a bow to propel arrows.|I've been thinking about trying out some archery.|Oh, that's nice. Archery is the skill, practice or sport of using a bow to propel arrows.||Archery is the sport, practice or skill of using a bow to propel arrows
The word comes from the Latin ''arcus''.|What else may I need to know about it before trying it out?|Well, I know that the word "arcus" comes from Latin.||The word comes from the Latin ''arcus''
Historically, archery has been used for hunting and combat.|Interesting. Do you know what kind of bows people use?|I don't, but I know that archery has been used for combat and hunting.|archery has been used for hunting and combat.|I actually do not, however I know that archery has been used for combat and hunting
In modern times, it is mainly a competitive sport and recreational activity.|I don't think I wanna use it for either but I do wanna learn to use a bow on targets.|That's nice. It's a sport that is competitive and a recreational activity.|Well today it's different, because it is  a competitive sport and recreational activity.|Well, one more thing I may add then is the fact that in modern times, archery is mostly a recreational activity and competitive sport.
Green is the color between blue and yellow on the visible spectrum.|Colors are a lot of fun. My favorite to use in art is green.|Cool, did you know that green is between yellow and blue on the visible spectrum?|I also like green.  It is right between yellow and blue on the color wheel|Nice, did you know that on the visible spectrum Green is the color located between blue and yellow?
Since the introduction of Crayola drawing crayons by Binney & Smith in 1903, more than two hundred distinctive colors have been produced in a wide variety of assortments.|Yep! And colors are really interesting with how you can mix them to make new colors.|I'm not sure, but I know that there have been over 2 hundred different colors made since 1903.|I learned most about colors as a kid while using Crayola crayons.  Can you believe Crayola has been around since 1903?|Have you ever used Crayola drawing crayons? Those were introduced in 1903 by Binney & Smith
After several decades producing commercial pigments, Binney & Smith produced their first crayon, the black Staonal Marking Crayon, in 1902.|I loved to use those. I never thought about how old their company must be until now.|I'm not sure, but they produced their first crayon in 1902.|It is funny to think that they started with just one color...it was called the Black Staonal Marking Crayon|And another interesting fact is: The black Staonal Marking Crayon was the first crayon they produced, in 1902
Originally an industrial pigment supply company, Crayola soon shifted its focus to art products for home and school use, beginning with chalk, then crayons, followed later by colored pencils, markers, paints, modeling clay, and other related goods.|Strange name, but it makes sense that they would start with the darkest color. It probably has the most applications.|I see, did you know that Crayola was originally an industrial pigment supply company?|Well they started out as a pigment supply company.  Then they shifted gears to school and house products like chalk and crayons|Well, they started out as a pigment supply company. Then they shifted gears to school and house products, like chalk and crayons
Since the introduction of Crayola drawing crayons by Binney & Smith in 1903, more than two hundred distinctive colors have been produced in a wide variety of assortments.|That's neat. I wonder when they started introducing new colors like green and blue.|I'm not sure, but they have produced over 2 hundred different colors since 1903.|Well they sure did expand from the one color.  They now have over 200 varieties|I am not sure about the exact date as well. But I know that they have produced more than 200 distinctive colors
The process involves a healthcare provider submitting, and following up on, claims with health insurance companies in order to receive payment for services rendered; such as treatments and investigations.|I hate US healthcare - I have so many medical bills!|That's great! Do you submit your claims with a healthcare provider?|well, sometimes you gotta pay your medical bills! it's not easy for healthcare providers...they have to submit claims in order to get payment!|That's too bad. Are you aware of the billing process? It involves a healthcare provider submitting claims to insurance companies for payment.
The healthcare reform debate in the United States has been a political issue focusing upon increasing medical coverage, decreasing costs, insurance reform, and the philosophy of its provision, funding, and government involvement.|That's true but the prices seem outrageous!  One night in the hospital is almost $10,000!|I see, did you know the healthcare reform debate in the US has focused on increasing coverage, decreasing costs, and insurance reform?|yep, which is where there is such a debate about healthcare reform in the US. people want more medical coverage for less|Ah, I see. There is a debate on healthcare reform in the US. It's a political issue.
However, in the next election of Donald Trump as president, he campaigned to repeal and replace Obamacare and came up with a seven-point plan for healthcare reform.|I just want it fair - I got Tylenol in the hospital and one pill was $500!  I asked if my husband could just bring mine from home and they said no.|I'm not sure, but Donald Trump was the one who fought to repeal Obamacare and replace it.|well, unfortunately for you and others, since Trump has been elected he wants to repeal Obamacare, which was a step in the right direction for a second there|It seems Donald Trump has made it a goal to replace Obamacare with his own healthcare reform plan.
For several decades, medical billing was done almost entirely on paper.|I still feel Obamacare didn't solve much - just added a tax to have others pay for other people.  I like those clinics where there's a menu of services so you know the exact price of things.|I see, did you know that medical billing was done almost entirely on paper for a long time?|yeah, that sounds pretty simple. kind of like how medical billing was pretty simple for years, done entirely on paper!|Well, did you know that medical billing for decades was mostly done via paper?
Athletes in ancient Greece were advised to consume large quantities of meat and wine.|Hi! I'm looking for a bodybuilding supplement to add to my diet. Some guys at the gym recommended that I try one. Do you know anything about these supplements?|I know that ancient Greeks advised them to consume large quantities of wine and meat.|There are many different Bodybuilding supplements. Before there were supplements the ancient greeks would just consume massive amounts of meats.|I don't know of any supplements, but the ancient Greek athletes would just eat lots of meat and drink lots of wine.
In the 1910s, Eugen Sandow, widely considered to be the first modern bodybuilder in the West, advocated the use of dietary control to enhance muscle growth.|Oh, for the protein?! I guess that's what I should look for in the supplement then, lots of protein!|Yeah, in the 1910s, Eugen Sandow advocated the use of dietary control to enhance muscle growth.|One of the first persons to use Bodybuilding supplement was Eugen Sandow. in the 1910s. He advocated dietary control for muscle growth.|There was a bodybuilder in the 1910s named Eugen Sandow who advocated dietary control as a way to enhance the growth of muscles.
In October 1994, the Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act (DSHEA) was signed into law in the USA.|Oh, I see. Are there any laws regarding supplements in the US?|I'm not sure, but the Act of 1994 was signed into law in the US.|It depends on goals. In 1994, Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act went into effect in the USA to monitor Bodybuilding supplement|Yes, in 1994 an act abbreviated DSHEA was singed into law.
Under DSHEA, responsibility for determining the safety of the dietary supplements changed from government to the manufacturer and supplements no longer required approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) before distributing product.|Does that mean that they are regulated by the FDA?|I'm not sure, but the FDA changed the responsibility for determining the safety of the supplements from the government to the manufacturer.||Well now that the DSHEA went into effect, Bodybuilding supplement no longer have to go through the FDA before distributing the product.
Kurt Donald Cobain (February 20, 1967 – April 5, 1994) was an American singer, songwriter, and musician.|I was a huge fan of Nirvana and Kurt Cobain when I was younger.|Oh, nice. He was an American singer, musician and songwriter.|Oh I still like Nirvana, Kurt Cobain's middle name was Donald!|Cool, did you know that Kurt Cobain's middle name was Donald?
Kurt Donald Cobain (February 20, 1967 – April 5, 1994) was an American singer, songwriter, and musician.|I never knew that. I was so sad when he died. Seems like so long ago. Do you remember what year that was?|I'm not sure, but he died in 1994.||I do! Kurt Donald Cobain was born in 1967 and lived until 1994
Born in Aberdeen, Washington, Cobain formed the band Nirvana with Krist Novoselic and Aaron Burckhard in 1987 and established it as part of the Seattle music scene which later became known as grunge.|Oh wow. Longer ago than I realized. So unfortunate that he ended his own life.|I see, did you know that he was born in Aberdeen, Washington?|He it is unfortunate. Were you aware that he was born in Aberdeen, washington?|I see, were you also aware that he was born in Aberdeen, Washington?
Nirvana's debut album ''Bleach'' was released on the independent record label Sub Pop in 1989.|I was not aware. I wonder if that is a small or big place.|I'm not sure, but Nirvana's debut album was called "Bleach" and was released on Sub Pop in 1989.||I'm not sure, I don't know much about it. I do know that Nirvana's debut album was Bleach it released in 1989
Following the success of ''Nevermind'', Nirvana was labeled ''the flagship band'' of Generation X, and Cobain hailed as ''the spokesman of a generation''.|That was a pretty good album, although I preferred their later work.|Nice, did you know Nirvana was labeled the "famous band" of Generation X?|As do I, Nevermind was there massively successful album, and probably their most famous, it was after this album that Cobain was hailed as the spokesman of a generation.|Yeah, the thing about "Nevermind"'s success though is that the band got labeled as a "flagship band" for Gen X.
Discovery Channel (known as The Discovery Channel from 1985 to 1995, and often referred to as simply Discovery) is an American basic cable and satellite television channel (which is also delivered via IPTV, terrestrial television and internet television in other parts of the world) that is the flagship television property of Discovery Communications, a publicly traded company run by CEO David Zaslav.|When was discovery channel formed?|It was formed from 1985 to 1995.|In 1985 but you can refer to it as simply Discovery)|In 1985, but you can refer to it as simply Discovery.
Discovery Channel (known as The Discovery Channel from 1985 to 1995, and often referred to as simply Discovery) is an American basic cable and satellite television channel (which is also delivered via IPTV, terrestrial television and internet television in other parts of the world) that is the flagship television property of Discovery Communications, a publicly traded company run by CEO David Zaslav.|Is it government owned?|I'm not sure, but it was founded in 1985 and is owned by David Zaslav.|No actually,  it is television property of Discovery Communications, a publicly traded company|No actually, it is television property of Discovery Communications, a publicly traded company.
Discovery Channel (known as The Discovery Channel from 1985 to 1995, and often referred to as simply Discovery) is an American basic cable and satellite television channel (which is also delivered via IPTV, terrestrial television and internet television in other parts of the world) that is the flagship television property of Discovery Communications, a publicly traded company run by CEO David Zaslav.|Thats awesome. Who founded the company?|I'm not sure, but it was founded by David Zaslav.|Its CEO David Zaslav was the one who got the idea of such a channel and founded it in his 30s|I don't know, but the CEO of Discovery Communications is David Zaslav.
It initially provided documentary television programming focused primarily on popular science, technology, and history, but by the 2010s had expanded into reality television and pseudo-scientific entertainment.|have they always focused on what they currently air or they restrustured and changed focus in between|I'm not sure, but it initially focused on science, technology, and history, but by the 2010s it became reality television and pseudo-scientific entertainment.|They have restructured quite a bit! First they provided documentary programming focused primarily on science, technology, but by the 2010s had expanded into reality television and scientific entertainment.|Well, at first they showed documentaries mostly about science, but by the 2010s they were showing reality shows and pseudo-scientific content.
Accounting, which has been called the ''language of business'', measures the results of an organization's economic activities and conveys this information to a variety of users, including investors, creditors, management, and regulators.|Hello i was curious do you know anything about accounting?|Yes, it measures the results of an organization's economic activities.|It has been called the ''language of business'' It measures the results from a companies financial activities and gives this information to investors, creditors and regulators|t has been called the ''language of business''. It measures the results from a company's financial activities and gives this information to investors, creditors and regulators.
The modern field was established by the Italian mathematician Luca Pacioli in 1494.|Ah, thank you. When did accounting come about?|I'm not sure, but the modern field was established by the Italian mathematician in 1494.|Accounting has been around since 1494! An Italian mathematician established it|Accounting has been around since 1494! An Italian mathematician established it.
Practitioners of accounting are known as accountants.|What do they call people who do accounting?|They are called accountants.|I have thought about looking into becoming an accountant, someone that practices accounting|People who do accounting are called accountants.
The terms ''accounting'' and ''financial reporting'' are often used as synonyms.|Oh that sounds complicated, can you tell me more about accounting ?|Yes, accounting and financial reporting are often used as synonyms.|Financial reporting and accounting are terms that can be interchangeable and have the same meaning|Financial reporting and accounting are terms that can be interchangeable and have the same meaning.
A version for Android devices was released two years later, in April 2012, followed by a feature-limited website interface in November 2012, and apps for Windows 10 Mobile and Windows 10 in April 2016 and October 2016 respectively.|Do you have an Instagram account|I don't have Instagram, but I know that Android was released in April of 2012.|Yes I do, I have the version for Android yhat was released in 2012, even when I don't post much,  What about you?|I am a bot so the answer is no, what about you, do you use instagram for android, released in april 2012?
Instagram lets registered users upload photos or videos to the service.|I do have an account but I use iOS|Oh, cool! Did you know Instagram lets registered users upload photos or videos?||Do you upload many photos and videos?
Users can connect their Instagram account to other social media profiles, enabling them to share photos to those profiles as well.|Yes I do, beautiful pictures|Cool, Instagram users can connect their account to other social media profiles, so they can share photos to those profiles.|Originally, Instagram only allowed photos as a square, that was changed in 2015, when it started allowing full size pictures.|Do you connect your instagram account to your other social media profiles???
They can add hashtags to their posts, linking the photos up to other content on Instagram featuring the same subject or overall topic.|I love Instagram, and connect it everyone|Oh, cool! Did you know they can add hashtags to their posts?|I agree, and you can add hastag to your posts, linking them to other content in Instagram that is related.|Nice, what about hashtags, do you like to use them to link your photos to other content of the same topic?
Users can apply various digital filters to their images, and add locations through geotags.|I didn't know about that, now I have more information on how to use my Instagram|Oh, cool! Did you know that users can use different digital filters to add locations through geotags?|You can also aplly various digital filters to your pictures, but I don't use that feature that much|Good, so let me tell you more the, you can also apply various digital filters to your images, have you tried that?
American football evolved in the United States, originating from the sports of association football and rugby football.|I played a bit of American Football in college, how about you?|I'm a bot, so I can't play football. I know that American football evolved in the US.|I love football! i have never played but find it interesting how its mix between rugby and football|I'm a bot with no body, so I can't play American football, but I know that it evolved from association football and rugby.
If the tackled player is on the ground, the ball must be released, allowing any other player (including the opposition) to pick up the ball (usually a ruck forms) and the play continues.|Which do you think is the more rougher, rugby or American football?|I'm not sure, but I know that if the tackled player is on the ground, the ball must be released.|I definetely think rugby is rougher, especially because even if a player is tackled tot he ground they can pick up the ball and keep the play going, in american football the play ends|I wouldn't know, but in rugby the player that is tackled with the ball has to release it, so the opposition can get it then.
The NFL on CBS is the branding used for broadcasts of National Football League (NFL) games that are produced by CBS Sports, the sports division of the CBS television network in the United States.|Ah, yes. I like to watch NFL games, though.|Oh, OK. Did you know that the NFL is the branding used for NFL games?|I played softball and field hockey in school but love watching the national football league|So, do you watch the NFL on CBS? That's what CBS sports calls their broadcasts of NFL games.
In its limited sense, ''spectacle'' means the mass media, which are ''its most glaring superficial manifestation.''|I do. The NFL is such a great spectacle.|That's great! In its limited sense, "spectacle" means the mass media, which are "its most glaring superficial manifestation".|I just don't like how football has turned into a spectacle especially in the media regarding the national anthem|Ah, I know something about the word "spectacle". It refers to the mass media.
The demonstrations have generated mixed reactions.|I see. I know that the football players kneeling has been a big source of controversy.|I see, did you know that the demonstrations have generated mixed reactions?|I completely agree, i just don't understand the mixed reactions people get, we all have a right to voice out opinion|That has definitely generated mixed reactions.
It is owned by Dylan Lauren, daughter of fashion designer Ralph Lauren.|I have a sweet tooth and I eat a lot of Dylan's Candy Bar.|That's nice. Dylan Lauren is the daughter of Ralph Lauren.|Really! I like some sweets. Wasn't this created by Ralph Lauren's daughter, Dylan Lauren?|Really? Isn't that the one Dylan Lauren, Ralph Lauren's daughter, owns?
It stocks 7,000 candies from around the world.|I haven't heard about it. All I know is this candy bar is delicious!|It has 7,000 candies from around the world.|Yes, she owns the chain! Dylan's candy bar is stocked over 7,000 around the world.|I see, well did you know or not that 7000 candies from the world are stocked there?
Lauren was inspired to create the store, which is asserted to be the ''largest unique candy store in the world'', by the Roald Dahl story of ''Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory''.|No, I always though it had a lot but not that many! Do you know what made them make the store?|I'm not sure, but they are asserted to be the ''largest unique candy store in the world''.|That's the one. She was inspired to create the store because of the movie, ''Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory''.|Have you heard of "Wiily Wonka"? It's the story by Roald Dahl, that's Lauren's inspiration for the store.
Lauren said that her goal was to ''merge fashion, art and pop candy culture''.|That's so cool! Dylan Lauren probably had a lot of money to start her company.|That's cool. She said she wanted to make fashion, art, and pop candy culture.|Yes, and her motto is that she wants to ''merge fashion, art and pop candy culture''. I guess with the money daddy has, she can merge whatever she wants.|No idea on that, but she stated the goal was to  combine art, fashion and pop candy culture.
Green is the color between blue and yellow on the visible spectrum.|I just painted my room! all green i love that color? how about you? green or no gree?|I'm a bot, so I can't paint. I know that green is between yellow and blue on the visible spectrum.|Yes, I like the colour green, but I prefer blue.|I can't see because I'm a bot, but I happen to know that green sits between yellow and blue on the visible light spectrum.
Blue is one of the three primary colours of pigments in painting and traditional colour theory, as well as in the RGB colour model.|I was in a psychology class and learn that green is a lively color, and it symbolizes renewal and growth. You know what blue symbolizes?|I'm not sure, but it's one of the primary colors in the RGB color model.|I don't but I think that the colour blue might symbolize cold and calm?|No, but I know that its a primary color for pigments and in the RGB color model.
The Green Bay Packers are a professional American football team based in Green Bay, Wisconsin.|That, and it's the color of the calm sea and the clear sky. But i still preffer everything green! the Hulk, Green Bay Packers uniform, Nigeria home kit for the FIFA world cup 2018|That's nice. They're based in Green Bay, Wisconsin.|Are you a huge Green Bay Packers fan? Are you from Wisconsin?|Do you mean the Green Bay Packers football team from Wisconsin?
The Green Bay Packers are a professional American football team based in Green Bay, Wisconsin.|Yes, I love some green and gold! I hope they do great this season with a healthy Aaron Rodgers.|Cool! They are based in Green Bay, Wisconsin.|Hey I'm from Canada too! Ontario to be sepcific. I know lots of Packers fans here though.|Oh, OK. As mentioned, they are from Green Bay, Wisconsin.
The offense, which is the team controlling the oval-shaped football, attempts to advance down the field by running with or passing the ball, while the defense, which is the team without control of the ball, aims to stop the offense's advance and aims to take control of the ball for themselves.|I don't really know the rules of American Football|I don't know about the rules, but the offense, which is the team controlling the oval-shaped football, attempts to advance down the field by running with or passing the ball.|Oh really? It is kind of simple, you just need to watch it. First the ball starts with the offense, their goal is to get it into the endzone.|Well, so let me tell you some facts about it. There is an offense trying to advance down the field and a defense aiming to stop the defense
The U.S. television broadcast of the Super Bowl – the championship game of the National Football League (NFL) – features many high-profile television commercials, colloquially known as Super Bowl ads.|It seems like it stops so much for commercials. I like soccer because you get to see a game not a thousand advertisements|Oh, that's nice. The Super Bowl is the championship game of the NFL.|Oh I can understand that, advertising is so frustrating unless they are super bowl commercials. I like to watch Redzone on Sunday's ever heard of it?|have you ever watched the super bowl? It features a lot of high-profile TV commercials
NFL RedZone from NFL Network is an American sports television channel owned and operated by NFL Network since 2009.|no, what is that?|It's owned and operated by NFL Network since 2009.|Redzone is a channel that shows all of the games happening concurrently, with no commercials. They only show the big plays from all of the games.|I can`t really explain that right now, so let's talk about something else. Have you ever watched NFL Redzone? It is an American sports TV channel
''RedZone'' is based out of the NFL Network studios and is hosted by Scott Hanson, and airs commercial-free.|I have not, what else do you know about it ?|Well, I also know that it's based out of the NFL Network studios.|It is usually included with any package that has NFL Network. You can get it through direcTV. I get mine through Playstation Vue.|Let me see, I also know that RedZone is hosted by scott hanson, ave you ever heard of him?
Green is the color between blue and yellow on the visible spectrum.|Green is one of my favorite colors. What about yours?|I'm a bot, so I can't see colors. I know that green is between yellow and blue on the visible spectrum.|Same here! Green is a wonderful colour. It's the colour between blue and yellow on the visible spectrum of light.|Sorry no preferences here! However, did you know its the color between yellow and blue on the visible spectrum?
Many creatures have adapted to their green environments by taking on a green hue themselves as camouflage.|Oh cool! I just love how many different shades there are too!|I'm not sure, but many creatures have adapted to their green environments by taking on a green hue as camouflage.|Same here! Lots of animals and insects and other creatures have adapted to the green in their environments by taking on green hues themselves as a means of camoflage|Yeah, animals utilize green too, they take on a green hue to camouflage themselves.
By far the largest contributor to green in nature is chlorophyll, the chemical by which plants photosynthesize and convert sunlight into chemical energy.|That makes sense, so much of nature is green.|That's interesting. The chemical by which plants photosynthesize and convert sunlight into chemical energy.||That's right! The reason it's so green is because of chlorophyll. Chlorophyll is the chemical which plants use to photosynthesize and convert sunlight into energy.
It is evoked by light which has a dominant wavelength of roughly 495570 nm.|Is there any reason that this chlorophyll is green?|I'm not sure, but it's evoked by light, which has a dominant wavelength of 495570 nm.|I don't know! For whatever reason it reflects light that has the dominant wavelength of roughly 495570 nm, so it looks green.|Can't help you with that one but I can say that light evokes it, light also has a dominant wavelength of 495570 nm.
Motivation is the reason for people's actions, desires, and needs.|I have a hard time being motivated and focused some times.|That's too bad. Motivation is the reason for people's needs, actions and desires.|It's an important skill to have. It is the reason we have desires, needs, and actions.|I see, do you feel you have a lack of desires, needs, and actions without motivation?
A motive is what prompts the person to act in a certain way, or at least develop an inclination for specific behavior.|Yeah, do you know what is a motive? I think I don't have motivation because I have nothing to do.|I don't know but a motive is what prompts the person to act in a certain way or at least develop an inclination for specific behavior.|I have a few things that help me, and the biggest way is positive thinking. It helps me act in a certain way, or at least want to do that thing.|Do you have anything that makes you inclined to have a specific behavior or act in a specific way? The thing that causes that is a motive.
Motivation theories can be classified on a number of bases:  Motivation as a desire to perform an action is usually defined as having two parts, directional such as directed towards a positive stimulus or away from a negative one, as well as the activated ''seeking phase'' and consummatory ''liking phase''.|That's true and makes a lot of sense.|Motivation theories can be classified on a number of bases.||There are other theories on motivation such as direction towards positive stimulus or away from negative stimulus.
Behaviour therapy is a broad term referring to clinical psychotherapy that uses techniques derived from behaviourism and are often used in conjunction with cognitive psychology.|How do you go towards positive stimulus?|I'm a bot, so I can't go towards positive stimulus. I know that behaviour therapy is a term referring to clinical psychotherapy.|Behavior therapy helps a lot. It's a type of psychotherapy that uses techniques for behaviorism and cognitive psychology.|I don't know but have you heard of behavior therapy? It's a psychotherapy with techniques from behaviorism and used with cognitive psychology.
Cognitive-behavioral therapy (CBT) is a psycho-social intervention that is the most widely used evidence-based practice for improving mental health.|That's interesting!|I see, do you use cognitive-behavioral therapy? It's the most widely used evidence-based practice for improving mental health.|I am a firm believer in CBT, which is a Cognitive-behavior therapy. The best version of it is Dialectical behavioral therapy.|Another thing is CBT or cognitive-behavioral therapy, it's used for improving mental health.
Instagram is a mobile, desktop, and Internet-based photo-sharing application and service that allows users to share pictures and videos either publicly, or privately to pre-approved followers.|I don't have instagram. Should I get it?|I'm not sure, but I know it's a photo sharing application and service that allows users to share pictures and videos publicly or privately.||Do you like to take and share pictures with people? Instagram is an Internet-based photo sharing application and service that does just that and you can share it with your friends or with the entire world!
A version for Android devices was released two years later, in April 2012, followed by a feature-limited website interface in November 2012, and apps for Windows 10 Mobile and Windows 10 in April 2016 and October 2016 respectively.|Instagram|Oh, cool! Did you know Android was released in April 2012?|Before, Instagram used to only be on iOS, but now it can be used on Android devices as well as Windows. So really you have many ways to access it.|Before, Instagram used to only be on iOS, but now it can be used on Android devices as well as Windows.
Users can connect their Instagram account to other social media profiles, enabling them to share photos to those profiles as well.|Oh, could I get it to work with other sites?|I'm not sure, but Instagram users can connect their account to other social media profiles, so they can share photos to them.||Well you could connect your account to other social media profiles, so that your photos are shared on all platforms all at once.
They can add hashtags to their posts, linking the photos up to other content on Instagram featuring the same subject or overall topic.|That's really great because I have android phone! What else can you tell me?|Well, I can also tell you that they can add hashtags to their posts, linking the photos up to other content on Instagram featuring the same subject or overall topic.|Hashtags are widely used by the Instagram crowd. It can be used to link photos to other content on Instagram of the same subject or topic.|You can use hashtags on your post to link your posts with others of the same topic.
Motivation is the reason for people's actions, desires, and needs.|Some days I have the hardest time getting motivated|That's too bad. Motivation is the reason for people's needs, actions and desires.|Please stay motivated because it is the sole purpose for your desires and needs.|Oh, that's bad. Motivation whatever causes people to act, or need, or desire.
Common personal goals include losing weight, achieving good grades, and saving money.|do you have any suggestions on how to stay motivated?|I'm not sure, but I know that common personal goals include losing weight, saving money, and achieving good grades.|Set a personal goal like losing weight.|Not as such, but common goals people make for themselves are losing weight, getting good grades, or saving some money.
Activated ''seeking'' behavior, such as locomotor activity, is influenced by dopaminergic drugs, and microdialysis experiments reveal that dopamine is released during the anticipation of a reward.|setting the goal isn't the issue most of the time...it's actually getting started in the process.|I see, did you know that dopamine is released during the anticipation of a reward?|You have to want it. Dopamine in the brain is released when activating ''seeking'' behavior''.|I don't have any real advise for you, but I know that anticipating a reward is associated with dopamine release.
The ''wanting behavior'' associated with a rewarding stimulus can be increased by microinjections of dopamine and dopaminergic drugs in the dorsorostral nucleus accumbens and posterior ventral palladium.|is that something like serotonins?|I'm not sure, but I know that the dorsorostral nucleus accumbens and posterior ventral palladium can increase the "wanting behavior" associated with a rewarding stimulus.|I have no idea, but ''wanting behavior'' can be increased with dopaminergic drugs in the nucleus.|I have no idea, but ''wanting behavior'' can be increased with dopaminergic drugs.
Motivation is also one's direction to behavior, or what causes a person to want to repeat a behavior.|interesting.  I will have to do further research on those topics!|That's interesting. Motivation is also the direction to behavior.|Please do because Motivation will lead you to want to repeat a behavior. Making you more likely to achieve positive outcomes.|Great! Motivation also makes people want to repeat some behavior.
American football, referred to as football in the United States and Canada, and also known as gridiron football or simply gridiron, is a team sport played by two teams of eleven players on a rectangular field with goalposts at each end.|Do you like American football?|I'm a bot, so I can't watch football. I know it's a team sport played by two teams of eleven players.|I'm somewhat of a fan, but not as much as other football fans that I know over here in America.|I'm just a bot; I can't watch American football. It's also called gridiron football.
American football, referred to as football in the United States and Canada, and also known as gridiron football or simply gridiron, is a team sport played by two teams of eleven players on a rectangular field with goalposts at each end.|How many American football teams are there?|I'm not sure, but it's a team sport that is played by two teams of eleven players on a rectangular field.|Too many to count honestly. In each game, though, there is two teams of eleven players.|I don't know, but each team fields 11 players in a game.
Points are primarily scored by advancing the ball into the opposing team's end zone for a touchdown or kicking the ball through the opponent's goalposts for a field goal.|How do you score in American football?|I'm a bot, so I can't score. I know that points are primarily scored by advancing the ball into the end zone for a touchdown.||Well points are scored by getting the ball into the opposing team's end zone.
Points are primarily scored by advancing the ball into the opposing team's end zone for a touchdown or kicking the ball through the opponent's goalposts for a field goal.|Are there any other ways to score points?|I'm not sure, but points are primarily scored by advancing the ball into the end zone for a touchdown.||You can also score them by kicking the ball through the other team's goalposts.
Green is the color between blue and yellow on the visible spectrum.|I just love the color green dont you|I'm a bot, so I can't see colors. I know that green is between yellow and blue on the visible spectrum.|I do!  It's the luck of the Irish color!  I didn't realize that it's the color between blue and yellow on the visible spectrum.|I don't really have opinions about colors. Since you brought the color green up, let me tell you that it is the color between yellow and blue on the visible spectrum
By far the largest contributor to green in nature is chlorophyll, the chemical by which plants photosynthesize and convert sunlight into chemical energy.|I didn't know that,  I mainly like it because it is the color of nature, trees, grass, it is soothing|That's nice. The chemical by which plants photosynthesize and convert sunlight into chemical energy.|Interestingly, chlorophyll is the largest contributor to green in nature!  Red is nice, but green is where it's at!|Interestingly, chlorophyll is the biggest contributor to green in nature!
Chlorophyll is essential in photosynthesis, allowing plants to absorb energy from light.|I never thought about it in terms of chlorophyll, that is quite interesting|That's interesting. Chlorophyll is essential in photosynthesis, so plants can absorb light.|It is VERY important in photosynthesis, which allows plants to absorb energy from the light!  My high school science teacher would be proud of me for remembering that!|And another thing you might find interesting is that Chlorophyll is essential in photosynthesis
Several minerals have a green color, including the emerald, which is colored green by its chromium content.|I do remember it now that you say it, what are other things that can color stuff green?|I'm not sure, but I know that the emerald is colored green by its chromium content.|LOL!  Here's another fun fact - emeralds are green too!  And its color comes form its chromium content.|Here's another fun fact - emeralds are green too! And its color comes form its chromium content. So chromium can color things green as well
It can range from chanting slogans to intense physical activity.|Hello! I was a cheerleader in high school. Do you have any experience with cheerleading?|No, I'm a bot, so I can't do it. I know that it can range from chanting slogans to intense physical activity.|Cheerleading could be chanting or activity.|No, I'm a bot and can't do such things, but I recognize that it can involve chanting slogans or can be intensely physical.
Cheerleading is an activity wherein the participants (referred to as ''cheerleaders'') cheer for their team as a form of encouragement.|yes, it could be. By chanting, do you mean saying things in unison?|I'm not sure, but I know that chanting is a form of encouragement for the team.|Cheerleaders cheer for their team to root for them.|I'm not sure, though cheerleaders are there to root for their team.
Competitive routines typically range anywhere from one to three minutes, and contain components of tumbling, dance, jumps, cheers, and stunting.|Yes, they are. I believe it gives the team a lot of momentum.|I see, do you also like to perform a competitive routine that can range from one to three minutes?||Competitive routines can be from one to three minutes.
Cheerleading originated in the United States, and remains predominantly in America, with an estimated 1.5 million participants in all-star cheerleading.|Yes, I like seeing the cheerleaders do coordinated actions. It looks really cool|Oh, cool! Cheerleading originated in the US, and is mostly in America.||Cheerleading was founded in the United States.
The global presentation of cheerleading was led by the 1997 broadcast of ESPN's International cheerleading competition, and the worldwide release of the 2000 film ''Bring It On''.|Oh, that's cool. I didn't know that. When did it start?|It started in 1997, and the film "Bring It On" was released worldwide.|In 1997 ESPN broadcast a global Cheerleading competition.|I don't actually know, but in 1997, ESPN broadcast an international competition for cheerleading.
Ireland (; ; Ulster-Scots: ) is an island in the North Atlantic.|What do you know about ireland?|I know that it's an island in the North Atlantic.|Are you referring to the island in the North Atlantic? It has a population of 6.6 million people. Why do you ask?|I know it's an island and sits in the North Atlantic. Is there anything specific you'd like to know?
The island's geography comprises relatively low-lying mountains surrounding a central plain, with several navigable rivers extending inland.|What do you know about its geography?|It has relatively low-lying mountains and several navigable rivers.|There are lots of low-lying mountains in Ireland. Do you fancy a hike?|It has a plain surrounded by low-lying mountains.
The island has lush vegetation, a product of its mild but changeable climate which is free of extremes in temperature.|OK, thanks. What about its climate?|It has a mild but changeable climate, which is free of extremes in temperature.|It also has lush vegetation and is very clean and green.|It's climate is mild, though changeable, which gives it lush vegetation.
Thick woodlands covered the island until the Middle Ages.|Wow, I just feel like visiting their now.|That's nice. The forests covered the island until the Middle Ages.|Yes but be careful you don't get lost in the thick woodlands!|Great! One bit of history for you, until the Middle Ages, it was covered in thick forests.
Ireland (; ; Ulster-Scots: ) is an island in the North Atlantic.|Have you ever been to Ireland? Ive seen pictures from a friend who went and it looks pretty|I have not but I know it's an island in the North Atlantic.|No I have never been there but I would love to visit this island in the North Atlantic. I agree that it looks beautiful!|No, I can't travel since I'm a bot. I do know it's in the North Atlantic, though.
The island's geography comprises relatively low-lying mountains surrounding a central plain, with several navigable rivers extending inland.|Yes! Is there many mountains there?|I'm not sure, but the island's geography is relatively low-lying mountains.||The geography is mostly low lying mountains which surround a central plain and many rivers extending inland.
The island has lush vegetation, a product of its mild but changeable climate which is free of extremes in temperature.|Oh I see, are the rivers freshwater?|I'm not sure, but the island has a mild but changeable climate.||I'm not sure about the rivers but the island has a very lush vegetation which is a product of its mild and changeable climate which usually has no extreme temperatures.
Ireland is the third-largest island in Europe.|Oh that sounds nice. What else is very special or unique about it?|I'm not sure, but I know that Ireland is the third-largest island in Europe.|Well for one thing, Ireland is the third largest island located in Europe! I hope to visit there one day!|Well for one thing, Ireland is the third largest island located in Europe!
Cycling, also called bicycling or biking, is the use of bicycles for transport, recreation, exercise or sport.|I ride a bike.|Oh, cool! Do you use them for recreation, transport, sport, or exercise?||Do you ride for transportation, recreation or sport?
People engaged in cycling are referred to as ''cyclists'', ''bikers'', or less commonly, as ''bicyclists''.|I ride for transportation.|That's nice. Do you like to be called bikers, bikers, or more commonly?|People who cycle are called ''bikers'' or'' cyclists''|I see, so you would be called a cyclist or biker or sometimes bicyclist since you are cycling.
Apart from two-wheeled bicycles, ''cycling'' also includes the riding of unicycles, tricycles, quadracycles, recumbent and similar human-powered vehicles (HPVs).|Yeah, I prefer biker but it all means the same. I think everyone thinks of a bike when talking about cycling.|I see, did you know that "cycling" includes riding unicycles, tricycles, quadracycles, recumbent vehicles, and other human-powered vehicles?|Do you ride a unicycle, tricycle, or regular bike?|Actually, cycling can also include things like a tricycle or unicycle or some HPV or human-powered vehicle.
Bicycles were introduced in the 19th century and now number approximately one billion worldwide.|Oh really? I never knew that, thanks for the info! How long has people used bikes anyway?|I'm not sure, but they were introduced in the 19th century.||Bikes have been around since 19th century and there are about a billion of them now
Cycling also offers a reduced consumption of fossil fuels, less air or noise pollution, and much reduced traffic congestion.|I ride a regular bike.|Do you also like to reduce the consumption of fossil fuels?|Its good to reduce consumption of fossil fuels and not deal with traffic!|Neat, did you knw that by cycling, there is less fossil fuels being used as well as less traffic congestion?
Several minerals have a green color, including the emerald, which is colored green by its chromium content.|The most relaxing color to me is green, what about you?|I'm a bot, so I can't really see. I know that emerald is green because of its chromium content.|The most common colors to me are blue and green. My birthstone is actually Emerald which is a green stone mineral.|I don't really find any relaxing but emeralds are green due to their chromium content, do you find that interesting?
Many creatures have adapted to their green environments by taking on a green hue themselves as camouflage.|That is pretty interesting, I have noticed a lot of animals are green too, why is that?|I'm not sure, but many creatures have adapted to their green environments by taking on a green hue as camouflage.||Many other creatures would beg to differ, a lot of them have adapted to their green environments by taking on their own green color to their skin.
Green is the color between blue and yellow on the visible spectrum.|Yeah that is true but I was thinking of birds and ocean creatures if any of them can see color.|I'm not sure, but green is between blue and yellow on the visible spectrum.|Green is between yellow and blue on the color spectrum so I think if they can see one of those colors than they can definitely see the other.|Well, I don't really know about those animals being able to see colors but green is found between yellow and blue on the visible spectrum.
By far the largest contributor to green in nature is chlorophyll, the chemical by which plants photosynthesize and convert sunlight into chemical energy.|That is very interesting, since green is so common they're from plants right? What makes the color green anyway?|I'm not sure, but the chemical that makes it green is chlorophyll, which is the largest contributor to it in nature.|Yes, and chlorophyll is the largest contributor to Green in the world. It's a chemical that plants produce into energy to sustain life.|Yes, chlorophyll is the largest contributor for green. Chlorophyll is a chemical plants use to turn sunlight into chemical energy.
Its name is derived from the Greek words χλωρός, ''chloros'' (''green'') and φύλλον, ''phyllon'' (''leaf'').|I wonder how many things would be a different color without chlorophyll?|I'm not sure, but the word chlorophyll comes from the Greek word "chloros" and "leaf" in Greek.|In that case chlorophyll would probably have a different name. Chlorophyll is derived from the Greek words chloros Phyllon meaning green leaf.|I'm not sure, but the word actually is derived from two Greek words, chloros and phyllon which means green and leaf respectively.
Much of the series takes place in and around Atlanta, Georgia, and later Alexandria, Virginia.|I live near where they film the walking dead.|Oh, that's nice. Did you know that a lot of the series is in Atlanta, Georgia?||Ah so you must live in Atlanta or Alexandria?
''The Walking Dead'' premiered in the United States on October 31, 2010, exclusively shown on cable television channel AMC and internationally on Fox International Channels.|They fil it in Semoia, GA. That is correct.|I see, did you know it premiered in the US on October 31, 2010?|Cool! It has been on since 2010. Still currently on, but I really think it should have ended a while ago.|That's cool. The show premiered back in 2010 in the US.
Beginning with its third season, ''The Walking Dead'' has attracted the most 18- to 49-year-old viewers of any cable or broadcast television series.|Correction, Senoia, GA  Pronounced Snoy.  Yes, i watched the first few episodes of season 1 but then gave up.|Oh, that's nice. It's attracted the most 18-49-year-old viewers of any TV series.|It its third season, it was the most watched cable show in the 18-49 year group.|I see, well the show had the most 18 to 49 year old viewers watching it starting with season 3.
As a result of very favorable Nielsen ratings that rank the show unprecedentedly high for a cable series, AMC has renewed the series each year.|Millennials have no taste in entertainment.|I see, did you know that the show is ranked at a very high level by Nielsen?|Nielsen ratings rank the show very high for a cable series.|Well, for the Nelson rating, the show ranks really high so that's is why AMC renews it yearly.
Nirvana's debut album ''Bleach'' was released on the independent record label Sub Pop in 1989.|I really like Kurt's Cobain's music, it's too bad he passed away. Did you like his music?|I'm a bot, so I can't listen to music. I know his debut album was called "Bleach" and was released in 1989.|Yes, in particular the album Bleach released in 1989 under Subpop.|I'm a bot and can't hear music, but I'm aware of the fact that their debut album, Bleach, came out in 1989 on the label Sub Pop.
On April 8, 1994, Cobain was found dead at his home in Seattle; the death was ruled a suicide by a self-inflicted shotgun wound to the head.|That is awesome. I really loved the song Smells Like Teen Spirit. It's too bad he took his own life.|That's nice. He was found dead in 1994 at his home in Seattle.|Yes, I will never forget April 8, 1994 the day Courtney found him dead.|Ah, that was April 8, 1994, when his body was found.
Yes are an English rock band formed in London in 1968 by singer Jon Anderson, bassist Chris Squire, guitarist Peter Banks, keyboardist Tony Kaye, and drummer Bill Bruford.|Yes it was definitely a sad day for many. On a happier note, I also like Yes, have you heard of them?|Yes are an English rock band formed in London in 1968.|The band Yes, formed in 1968 in London, is still a favorite.|Yeah, they formed in 1968 in London. Do you like them?
Yes have explored several musical styles over the years, and are most notably regarded as progressive rock pioneers.|Yeh, I really like them too. They are a classic.|Yes, they've explored several musical styles over the years.|They have explored so many musical styles throughout the years|They have explored so many musical styles throughout the years.
Dream Theater is an American progressive metal band formed in 1985 under the name Majesty by John Petrucci, John Myung and Mike Portnoy while they attended Berklee College of Music in Boston, Massachusetts.|I really like the band Dream Theater now.|Cool, did you know they were formed in 1985?|I love them. They are the progressive band that started up in 1985 and went by the name Majesty at the time|Oh, cool! Did you know their first name was Majesty?
Elvis Aaron Presley (January 8, 1935 – August 16, 1977) was an American singer, musician, and actor.|do you like elvis music? MY mom used to be a huge fan of his|I'm a bot, so I can't listen to music. I know of Elvis Presley, who was an American singer, actor, and musician.|Elvis Presley died in 1977, that was way before my time, so I never really got into him as a musician|No, I can't listen to music, as I'm a bot. I'm aware of his death in 1977, though.
Regarded as one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century, he is often referred to as the ''King of Rock and Roll'' or simply ''the King''.|Yeah, that was before my time. Do you know anyone who listened to him?|I don't know anyone, but he's considered one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century.|Not exactly, but I know everyone loved him and called him the king or rock and roll|No, again, because I'm a bot. But I know he was among the most significant cultural figures in the 20th century, and was called "the King".
Presley's first RCA single, ''Heartbreak Hotel'', was released in January 1956 and became a number one hit in the United States.|I've heard that as well. Do you know any of his songs?|I do not, but I know his first RCA single was "Heartbreak Hotel".|Presleys first single was ''Heartbreak Hotel'' in 1956!|Presley's first single with RCA was Heartbreak Hotel in 1956.
Regarded as one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century, he is often referred to as the ''King of Rock and Roll'' or simply ''the King''.|i wonder if that was any good!|I'm not sure, but he's considered one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century.|I guess the songs were pretty good to be considered the king of rock and roll, like how Michael Jackson was the king of pop|Well, he is considered one of the biggest cultural icons of the 1900s.
A stock market, equity market or share market is the aggregation of buyers and sellers (a loose network of economic transactions, not a physical facility or discrete entity) of stocks (also called shares), which represent ownership claims on businesses; these may include ''securities'' listed on a public stock exchange as well as those only traded privately.|I want to teach my family about investing by buying them a few shares of stock, but I really don't know much about it.|I know that there are also shares, which represent ownership claims on businesses.||The stock market can also be called the equity market or share market. That is where you buy and sell stocks. The stock represent ownership claims on businesses.
Examples of the latter include shares of private companies which are sold to investors through equity crowdfunding platforms.|Oh, so I could tell my kids they own part of a company.  That's cool.  Maybe I should get them a share in a company they know then, like Apple or XBox or Snapchat?|I'm not sure, but I know that shares of private companies are sold through crowdfunding platforms.|Yes, it's like the shares of a company are sold to investors through equity crowdfunding platforms.|There are also shares that are sold through crowdfunding platforms.
As of mid 2017, the size of the world stock market (total market capitalisation) was about US$76.3 trillion.|So if it's through crowdfunding, can I just get them 1 or 2 shares, or do I have to get a lot/|I'm not sure, but the total market capitalization was 76.3 trillion US dollars.|You can buy as little or as much as you want. In 2017, the world stock market size was about $76.3 trillion dollars. The skies the limit|I don't know, but the total size of the stock market in 2017 was US$76.3 trillion.
By country, the largest market was the United States (about 34%), followed by Japan (about 6%) and the United Kingdom (about 6%).|How do I buy stock?  Do I call the stock market exchange?|I'm not sure, but the US was the largest market by country.|There are stock brokers you can contact to help you with that. They US has the largest market (34%), Japan has the next largest (6%) as the United Kingdom is 6% as well.|I'm not sure how you buy stock. That said, the largest stock market is in the US with about 34% of the world's total.
Stock exchanges list shares of common equity as well as other security types, e.g.|Oh, OK. I think tomorrow I am going to get started. Can you buy other things beside stocks?|I can't buy anything, but I know that stock exchanges list shares of common equity as well as other security types.|Good luck with your new endeavor. You can buy shares of common equity as well as other security types, like bonds|Yes, you can buy other security types, though I don't know what they are.
Nickelback is a Canadian rock band formed in 1995 in Hanna, Alberta, Canada.|One of my favorite bands despite usual protests is Nickelback.  How about you or who is one of your favorites?|I'm a bot, so I can't listen to music. I know they formed in 1995 in Alberta.|I like Nickelback too. They are my favorite Canadian rock band and I've liked them since 1995 they started.|As a bot, I can't listen to music, though I know that Nickelback is from Canada and formed in 1995.
Forming in 1968, the band went through several configurations until arriving at its longest and most popular line-up when Peart replaced original drummer John Rutsey in July 1974, two weeks before the group's first United States tour.|Speaking of Canadian rock bands, my absolute all time favorite band is Rush. I have every album by them!|Cool! Did you know they formed in 1968?|Yes Rush! They formed in 1968 and took their first United States tour in 1974.|Ah, Rush. They formed in 1968, but didn't tour the US until 1974.
John Rutsey left the band in 1974, due to musical differences and health problems with type 1 diabetes, and was replaced by Neil Peart.|Yes, they changed drummers after the first album from John Rutsey to Neil Peart and the rest they say, is history.  I have been to many of their album tours.|Yeah, he left the band in 1974 due to health problems and musical differences.||Yes, he left because he had health problems related to type 1 diabetes.
Clockwork Angels is the twentieth and final studio album by Canadian rock band Rush, released on June 12, 2012.|Yes that is true.  Their last tour was for Clockwork Angels and they had an orchestral accompanyment which was really cool.  Those guys can still rock in their 60s!|Yeah, they released their 20th album in 2012, and it was released in June of 2012.||Clockwork Angels the 20th and final album they put out. It was released in 2012.
In subtractive color systems, used in painting and color printing, it is created by a combination of yellow and blue, or yellow and cyan; in the RGB color model, used on television and computer screens, it is one of the additive primary colors, along with red and blue, which are mixed in different combinations to create all other colors.|I really like the color green. Always was my favorite one.|Cool, did you know that in subtractive color systems, yellow and blue are used in painting and color printing?|It was always one of the easier colors to remember as far as mixing paints.  yellow and blue makes green.|Nice, do you like the other additive primary colors, red and blue, as well?
Many shades of green have been named after plants or are related to plants.|Yes, but green is my favorite, it is the color of forests and nature.|Interesting, did you know that many shades of green have been named after plants?|Yes many shades of green are named after plants or trees.  i have always loved the color greee|Speaking of forest and nature, did you know that many shades of green were named after plants ?
Many plants are green mainly because of a complex chemical known as chlorophyll which is involved in photosynthesis.|I didn't know that, I suppose it is because many plants are green|I don't know about that but many plants are green mainly because of a chemical called chlorophyll which is involved in photosynthesis.|Also if you are interested in a science lesson..LOL..plants are green b/c of the chemical Chlorophyll|Many plants are green indeed, and it is mainly because of the chemical chlorophyll
Chlorophyll (also chlorophyl) is any of several related green pigments found in cyanobacteria and the chloroplasts of algae and plants.|Interesting, I remember learning that in 8th grade.|Ah, that's interesting. Chlorophyll is one of the green pigments found in cyanobacteria.|But what about the fact that Chlorophyll is any of the several green pigments that is found in cyanobacteria and the chloroplasts of algae and plants?  That's something I just read. LOL|But what about the fact that Chlorophyll is actually any of the various green pigments found in algae and plants and cyanobacteria?
Several minerals have a green color, including the emerald, which is colored green by its chromium content.|That's so interesting.  I grew up surrounded by green foliage so I can relate to that, and I also used to garden, well I still do.|Oh, that's nice. There are several minerals that have a green color, like the emerald.|several minerals also have a green color.  Like an emerald which I really love!|Cool, what about minerals, do you like emerald ? It is one of the several minerals that have a green color
Cheerleading is an activity wherein the participants (referred to as ''cheerleaders'') cheer for their team as a form of encouragement.|Do you enjoy watching cheerleading?|I'm a bot, so I can't watch sports. I know that cheerleading is a form of encouragement for the team.|yes i do because it is an event where cheer cheerleaders cheer  for their team as a form of encouragement.|I don't but do you enjoy seeing cheerleader's encourage their team?
It can range from chanting slogans to intense physical activity.|I'm not particularly a fan but I respect them as athletes since they do all sort of stunts. Do you know what else is involved in cheerleading?|Well, I know that it can range from chanting slogans to intense physical activity.|Yes the activities can be chanting of  slogans to intense physical activity.|Yeah, their activities goes from slogan chanting to intense physical activities.
It can be performed to motivate sports teams, entertain the audience, or for competition.|There are all sorts of national competitions for cheerleading as well. It has really changed a lot since I was a cheerleader years ago!|Oh, that's nice. It can be performed to motivate sports teams, entertain the audience, or for competition.|oh yea?, well when such events occur, then there need to be cheerleaders to  to motivate sports teams, entertain the audience.|Oh yeah? Did you cheer for a sports team or to entertain the crowd or were you in competition?
Cheerleading originated in the United States, and remains predominantly in America, with an estimated 1.5 million participants in all-star cheerleading.|All three actually although I enjoyed the competition the most. Do you know where cheerleading came from?|Yes, it originated in the US and is mostly in America.||That is because cheerleading is actually a USA thing as it started there
Ireland is the third-largest island in Europe.|Hey have you ever been to Ireland? My friend just got back funny enough.|I have not but I know it is the third largest island in Europe.||I haven't! I heard it was the third biggest island in all of Europe though.
It is the second largest island in the British Isles, after Great Britain.|Really? Is the UK and Scotland the other two?|I'm not sure, but it's the second largest island in the British Isles.||Great Britain is one of them, but I am unsure about Scotland. Great Britain is larger than Ireland.
Situated in the North Atlantic, the islands have a total area of approximately 315,159 km, and a combined population of just under 70 million.|I want to visit there sometime. What do you know about Great Britain?|Well, I know that the islands are located in the North Atlantic and have a total area of about 315,159 km.|Yes I do. The entirity of the British Isles have an area equal to 315,159 km, and around 70 million people.|The entirety of the British Isles has an area equal to 315, 159 km and a population just below 70 million.
Politically, Ireland is divided between the Republic of Ireland (officially named Ireland), which covers five-sixths of the island, and Northern Ireland, which is part of the United Kingdom, in the northeast of the island.|Really? That's a lot of people. Although where I live in the US there are a lot. What else do you know?|I also know that Northern Ireland is part of the UK.||There are actually two parts of Ireland divided by politics- the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
The maximum score is 300, which is achieved by getting 12 strikes in a row.|I really enjoy bowling!  I am not good, but try!  Do you bowl?|I'm a bot, so I can't bowl. I know that the maximum score is 300, and 12 strikes in a row are achieved.|I haven't in a long time, it is pretty tough. I wonder how much those guys practice to be able to score a 300, which you need 12 strikes in a row to do!|I have not but what about you? Are you able to get 12 strikes and hit the max score of 300?
Three consecutive strikes is a known as a ''turkey''.|12 strikes is impossible for me lol! Does hitting them in a row even get you anything?|I'm not sure, but I know that three consecutive strikes are called a "turkey".|I guess they just torque their wrist in a certain way, seems hard though. I think if you get three strikes in a row it's called a turkey, how weird is that.|A turkey! Yeah, if you get three strikes in a row, you get what's called a "turkey"!
The term ''hambone'' has also been used to describe four consecutive strikes.|That's a funny term!  Who invented bowling?|I'm not sure, but the term hambone is used to describe four strikes in a row.|I'm not sure to be honest, but going to back to weird terms, apparently four strikes in a row is called a ''hambone'', where do they come up with these names?|I'm not sure but going back to consecutive terms, apparently four is called a "hambone"!
Further strings of strikes are referred to as the number with the word ''bagger'', such as ''four-bagger'' for four consecutive strikes.|That's hilarious!  What is five in a row?|I'm not sure, but there are four-bagger strikes in a row.||Apparently once you get past 3, you just add the word bagger to the number of strikes, so I guess it'd be a five-bagger!
John Ray Grisham Jr. (; born February 8, 1955) is an American bestselling writer, attorney, politician, and activist best known for his popular legal thrillers.|Someone suggested to me that I would enjoy John Grisham books. Can you tell me a little about him?|Well, he is a writer, attorney, politician, and activist who writes his legal thrillers.||John Ray Grisham Jr is best known for writing popular legal thrillers.  Do you like those kinds of books?
As of 2012, his books have sold over 275 million copies worldwide.|Im not really sure. It does sound interesting though. Does he still write?|I'm not sure, but he's sold over 275 million copies worldwide.|He does, and as of 2012 all of his books had sold over 275 million copies across the globe|I'm not informed of that but as of 2012, he has sold over 275 million copies of his books worldwide.
Eight of his other novels have also been adapted into films: ''The Chamber'', ''The Client'', ''A Painted House'', ''The Pelican Brief'', ''The Rainmaker'', ''The Runaway Jury'', ''Skipping Christmas'', and ''A Time to Kill''.|Wow. That is an insane amount. Have some of his books been turned into movies?|I'm not sure, but he has written eight novels, including The Chamber, The Client, The Painted House, and more.|9 of his books have been made into movies, including the chamber and the rainmaker.  The firm starring tom cruise was the most popular|8 of them have, such as "The Chamber" and "The Rainmaker".
His books have been translated into 42 languages and published worldwide.|I may have to check out some of the movies before I start reading just to see if I like them.|Oh, that's nice. He's been translated into 42 languages.||Yea, and if you speak anything other than english, his books have been translated into 42 Languages
American football, referred to as football in the United States and Canada, and also known as gridiron football or simply gridiron, is a team sport played by two teams of eleven players on a rectangular field with goalposts at each end.|I rather enjoy American football particularly college football. Do you watch/ have a favorite team?|I'm a bot, so I can't watch football. I know it's a team sport that is played by two teams of eleven players.|I do, the Dallas Cowboys. Bad of late but they will do great one day.|Even though I know some fact about American football, I don't watch it. Did you know that American football is also know as gridiron?
The offense, which is the team controlling the oval-shaped football, attempts to advance down the field by running with or passing the ball, while the defense, which is the team without control of the ball, aims to stop the offense's advance and aims to take control of the ball for themselves.|I have never heard about that term before, and I really enjoy watching football|Oh, cool! The offense, which controls the oval-shaped football, attempts to advance down the field by running with or passing the ball.|yes one day our offense will do great things with the football. Running, passing our way to victory.|When you watch football, do you like to see the defense stopping the offense's advance ?
Antonio Ramiro Romo (born April 21, 1980) is an American football television analyst and former quarterback who played 14 seasons with the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League (NFL).|Yes, that is my favorite thing to see, Antonio Ramiro Romo was the best|Oh, that's nice. He was a former quarterback and football analyst.|yes, he played 14 seasons and those were truly the worst. We, and all dallas fans are very happy he is gone.|Since you mentioned Antonio Ramiro Romo, let me tell you some facts about him, did you know that he played with the Dallas Cowboys for 14 seasons?
Rayne Dakota ''Dak'' Prescott (born July 29, 1993) is an American football quarterback for the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League (NFL).|I didn't know he played for that long, from the dallas cowboys I only remember Rayne Dakota Prescott|He was born in 1993.|I actually went to college with Dak, we can only hope that him being in the NFL will help the dallas cowboys.|So let me tell you about Reyne Prescott then, he was born July 29, 1993 and is a quarterback
John Ray Grisham Jr. (; born February 8, 1955) is an American bestselling writer, attorney, politician, and activist best known for his popular legal thrillers.|I love John Grisham movies and books,can you tell me more about him?|He was born on February 8, 1955.|He was born February 8, 1955 and is an american bestselling writer, attorney, politician, and activist|He was born February 8, 1955 and is an American bestselling writer, attorney, politician and activist.
John Ray Grisham Jr. (; born February 8, 1955) is an American bestselling writer, attorney, politician, and activist best known for his popular legal thrillers.|Wow! Really versatile and prolific I must say|He's a prolific writer, politician, and activist.|Most definetly!  He is best known for his popular legal thrillers|Yeah, another about him is that his popular legal thrillers is his best known feature.
Grisham's first bestseller, ''The Firm'', sold more than seven million copies.|What are his movie and book titles?|I'm not sure, but his first bestseller, "The Firm", sold over 7 million copies.|His first bestseller is ''The Firm'' it sold more than seven million copies|I don't know them all but "The Firm" was his first bestseller and sold over 7 million copies.
The book was adapted into a 1993 feature film of the same name, starring Tom Cruise, and a 2012 TV series which ''continues the story of attorney Mitchell McDeere and his family 10 years after the events of the film and novel.''|What happened to in the firm?|I'm not sure, but the book was adapted into a feature film in 1993.|It is a story about attorney Mitchell McDeere and his family|I'm not sure what happens in it but it was adapted into a film and a 2012 TV series.
Since the 1980s, video gaming has become a popular form of entertainment and a part of modern popular culture in most parts of the world.|I help design video games for a living. More on the concept side, less on the actual building! Do you play?|I can't play games, being a bot, but I know that video gaming has become a popular form of entertainment since the 1980s.|Off and on, it seems as if gaming has become a part of popular culture.  What types of games do you design?|Oh, awesome! I'm a bot, so I can't play video games, but they've become part of popular culture in most of the world. What games do you design?
The electronic systems used to play video games are known as platforms; examples of these are personal computers and video game consoles.|Educational, primarily for grade school age children. And yes, they are officially *enmeshed* in our culture for better or worse. I try to work for the better!|Oh, I see. Did you know that the electronic systems used to play video games are known as platforms?||What platforms do you design games for -- PCs, video game consoles, etc.?
The independent game industry has seen a substantial rise in recent years with the growth of new online distribution systems, such as Steam and Uplay, as well as the mobile game market, such as for Android and iOS devices.|Primarily for iPads and tablets, since so many schools now distribute them to kids. I feel fortunate our boys are in a school district that distributes iPads for school use.|I see, did you know that the game industry has seen a substantial rise in recent years?|Seems like there has been much growth for iOS devices like the iPad.|Ah, I see. The indie game industry has seen a lot of growth in the iOS market.
As of January 2015, Apple had sold more than 250 million iPads, though sales peaked in 2013 and it is now the second-most popular kind of tablet computer, by sales, after Android-based types.|Apple was super smart -- they realized the device was just the *delivery* system. It's all the apps and game and music downloads that bring the ka-ching!|Oh, that's cool. Apple sold over 250 million iPads in 2015, but sales peaked in 2013!|Yep, and new the iPad is the second-most popular kind of tablet.  Apple knows what they are doing!|That's interesting. It turns out the iPad is second only to Android devices in sales.
Applying game design to itself is a current research topic in metadesign.|My favorite thing about games is that they come in infinite designs. What kind of games do you like?|I'm a bot, so I can't play games. I know that applying game design to itself is a research topic in metadesign.|I really enjoy strategy games. Game design is currently a topic in metadesign.|Actually, bots don't have favorites. But speaking of games, have you ever heard of “applying game design to itself”? It is a topic of research in metadesign
Games have historically inspired seminal research in the fields of probability, artificial intelligence, economics, and optimization theory.|I have never heard of such topic. What else do you know about games and research?|Games have inspired seminal research in the fields of probability, artificial intelligence, economics, and optimization theory.|I'm a big fan of open world games like GTA! Games like that have inspired a lot of research in fields of AI and probability.|Well, I know that games have inspired research in fields such as probability, economics and artificial intelligence.
Game design creates goals, rules and challenges to define a board game, card game, dice game, casino game, role-playing game, sport, video game, war game or simulation that produces desirable interactions among its participants and, possibly, spectators.|Very interesting, but I don't really know what game design is|I'm not sure, but it creates goals, rules and challenges to define a board game, card game, dice game, casino game, role-playing game, sport, video game, war game or simulation.|Me too! They have come a long way and it is nice that it has made participation within groups avaliable.|Let me tell you then. Game design creates rules, goals and challenges to define games
Games have historically inspired seminal research in the fields of probability, artificial intelligence, economics, and optimization theory.|Cool, I wonder what the future holds for video games.|I'm not sure, but games have inspired seminal research in the fields of probability, artificial intelligence, economics, and optimization theory.|I think it will hold a lot of AI.|Great question. I know that games have also inspired research in the optimization theory field.
It is one of the major forms of throwing sports.|Hi, I love bowling are you at all interested in the sport?|I'm a bot, so I can't do bowling. I know that it's one of the major throwing sports.|I am! It's one of the major forms of throwing sports, although I've personally never thrown my bowling ball :p|I am a bot so I don't really have interesting, so I will just tell you some facts I know about this sport, which is one of the major throwing sports
Three consecutive strikes is a known as a ''turkey''.|That's cool to hear it classified like that. I have once bowled 300 in a game before, we call it a turkey.|That's cool. Three consecutive strikes are called a turkey.|Yeah that's three consecutive strikes. A hambone is four consecutive strikes.|Indeed, 3 consecutive strikes is called a turkey
In target variations, the aim is usually to get the ball as close to a mark as possible.|Even though I love bowling I'm not an expert on the rules and terms.|I see, well in target variations, the goal is usually to get the ball as close to a mark as possible.|There's also a target variation of bowling, where you try to get the ball as close to a target as you can rather than knocking down pins|Let me inform you about target variations the, the aim in this case is to get the ball close to a target
The pin version of bowling is often played on a flat wooden or other synthetic surface (which can be oiled in different patterns for different techniques), while in target bowling, the surface may be grass, gravel or a synthetic surface.|Wow, every time I have bowled the objective has been to take down the pins. I may have to look into the target variation.|I see, well the pin version is played on a flat wooden surface.|Yeah! The ground you play on is different, too. It's grass or gravel|So I will tell you some more about target bowling, the ground you play on is different, it's grass, a synthetic surface or gravel
Elvis Aaron Presley (January 8, 1935 – August 16, 1977) was an American singer, musician, and actor.|Do you like Elvis Presley? I like the old movies he was in.|I'm a bot, so I can't watch movies. Did you know he was born in 1935?|yes, Elvis Aron Presley, the American singer, actor and musician is a favorite  of mine.|I have no opinion on him, being a bot. But I do recognize that he was a musician as well as an actor.
Regarded as one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century, he is often referred to as the ''King of Rock and Roll'' or simply ''the King''.|He was born in Tupel, Miss, where I am from, but he moved to Memphis, Tenn. when he was thirteen.|He's considered one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century.|Cool. He was referred to as the ''king of Rock'', or just ''The King'' when he was alive.|That's interesting to know. He was among the 20th century's most significant cultural figures.
His music career began there in 1954, recording at Sun Records with producer Sam Phillips, who wanted to bring the sound of African American music to a wider audience.|Extremely popular musician. He was born in 1935, so he would be 83 now if he was still alive|He started his career there in 1954.|Wow he would be an old man.  he began recording at Sun records with producer Sam Phillips in 1954.  That seems like a long time ago now.|That's good to know. He began his music career at Sun Records in 1954.
Fontana joined to complete the lineup of Presley's classic quartet and RCA Victor acquired his contract in a deal arranged by Colonel Tom Parker, who would manage the singer for more than two decades.|Some of his movie were about the military. He was  honorably discharged in 1960|I see, did you know that RCA Victor acquired his contract with Colonel Tom Parker?|Yes, i have seen some of his movies.  in 1955, Colonel Tom Parker arranged a recording contract with RCA Victor for Presley.  This really put him on the map and on the charts.|Huh, that's interesting. Colonel Tom Parker arranged for his contract to be bought by RCA Victor, and then managed him for over 20 years.
Green is the color between blue and yellow on the visible spectrum.|I just finished painting my bedroom my favorite color, green.|Cool, did you know that green is between yellow and blue on the visible spectrum?|I love green. It is between blue and yellow on the spectrum of visible light.|Neat, that's the color found between yellow and blue on the visible spectrum.
By far the largest contributor to green in nature is chlorophyll, the chemical by which plants photosynthesize and convert sunlight into chemical energy.|Do you know what makes the color green in a lot of the things we see around us like trees and grass?|I'm not sure, but chlorophyll is the chemical that makes plants photoynthesize and convert sunlight into chemical energy.|I bet it does. The largest contributor to green in nature is chlorophyll, a chemical produced in plants.|Yes, chlorophyll is the largest contributor of green in nature, it is a chemical plants use to make sunlight into chemical energy.
Many creatures have adapted to their green environments by taking on a green hue themselves as camouflage.|Oh i didnt know that.  Thats cool that nature contributes to it|Many creatures have adapted to their green environments by taking on a green hue themselves as camouflage.||Yes and many animals have adapted to their green surroundings by taking a green hue as camouflage.
Chameleons' eyes are independently mobile, but in aiming at a prey item, they focus forward in coordination, affording the animal stereoscopic vision.|I like how chameleons change their colors  to blend in|I see, did you know that chameleons focus on a prey item?|An interesting thing about them is their eyes are independently mobile. They can train each one on different objects.|I see, you may also be interested to know that their eyes are independently mobile.
Accounting or accountancy is the measurement, processing, and communication of financial information about economic entities such as businesses and corporations.|Hello, accounting is very fun, I like to work with numbers.|Ah, that's nice. It's the measurement, processing, and communication of financial information about economic entities.|Accounting is the processing and communication of financial information. It seems like serious stuff!|Well, I know its the processing and communicating financial information. What do you like about it?
The modern field was established by the Italian mathematician Luca Pacioli in 1494.|It's an exciting job that allows me to do all the financial processes in an orderly manner. I've never though about it but do you know how old accounting is?|I'm not sure, but the modern field was established by the Italian mathematician in 1494.|Accounting was established by an Italian mathematician in 1494!|Yes, the modern field of it was established by Luca Pacioli in 1494.
Practitioners of accounting are known as accountants.|That's pretty freaking old, I'm glad to be working in an old established job like this.|Ah, that's nice. As accountants, I know that they are known as accountants.|Accountants or people who work in accounting must be very smart and responsible!|Yeah, you would be known as an accountant too since you practice accounting.
The terms ''accounting'' and ''financial reporting'' are often used as synonyms.|Yeah, although sometimes I like to use synonyms to change up the way I speak with my friends, do you happen to know any for accounting?|Yes, accounting and financial reporting are often used as synonyms.|Accounting and financial reporting are considered synonyms as they mean the same thing.|Of course, a synonymous term for accounting would be "financial reporting".
Ireland (; ; Ulster-Scots: ) is an island in the North Atlantic.|I have never been to Ireland before.|Oh, I see. I know it's an island in the North Atlantic.|it is very nice, it  is an island in the North Atlantic|Oh, the island in the North Atlantic? That's interesting.
It is separated from Great Britain to its east by the North Channel, the Irish Sea, and St George's Channel.|Is Ireland part of the UK?|I'm not sure, but I know that it is separated from Great Britain to its east.|yes in fact It is separated from Great Britain to its east by the North Channel|I don't know, but Great Britain sits to its east, across the North Channel.
Ireland is the third-largest island in Europe.|I see. That is interesting. When was Ireland founded?|I'm not sure, but I know it's the 3rd largest island in Europe.|i have heard it is the  third-largest island in Europe|I couldn't say, but I know it's Europe's third largest island.
Politically, Ireland is divided between the Republic of Ireland (officially named Ireland), which covers five-sixths of the island, and Northern Ireland, which is part of the United Kingdom, in the northeast of the island.|I had no idea. Do you know the population?|I do not, but I know that Northern Ireland is part of the UK.|in school i learned that  Politically, Ireland is divided between the Republic of Ireland (officially named Ireland), which covers five-sixths of the island|I don't know that, either, but I happen to know that the island is separated into the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, which belongs to the UK.
Almost as soon as automobiles had been invented, races of various sorts were organised, with the first recorded as early as 1867.|I really like Auto racing. In fact I'm watching the British Grand Prix right now!|Oh, cool! Did you know that races of various kinds were organized as soon as automobiles were invented?||There was races for automobiles as soon as they recorded as early as 1867.
By the 1930s specialist racing cars had developed.|It sure has come a long way. This formula 1 race right now is downright bonkers.|I see, well by the 1930s, specialist racing cars had developed.||By the 30's there had been special racing cars created.
The first organized contest was on April 28, 1887, by the chief editor of Paris publication ''Le Vélocipède'', Monsieur Fossier.|Was that influenced by the advent of the Ford v8?|I'm not sure, but the first organized contest was on April 28, 1887.|Sounds right. The first organized contest ran on april 28 1987 by chief editor of Paris Publication ''Le Velocipede Monsieur Fossier which I find very interesting.|I couldn't say, but the first organized race was in 1887, put on by a Paris publication called "Le Velocipede".
There are now numerous different categories, each with different rules and regulations.|Oh, OK. And how many different types of races are there today?|There are lots of different categories, each with different rules and regulations.|Yeah. Fords are great. American made. There are now numerous different categories, each with different rules and regulations for each class of cars and events.|I don't know, except that there are numerous ones, and they all have different rules and regulations.
On July 22, 1894, the Parisian magazine ''Le Petit Journal'' organized what is considered to be the world's first motoring competition, from Paris to Rouen.|Yeah, there are more racing leagues than you can shake a stick at. Obviously though, I'm partial to Formula 1.|Oh, that's nice. The Parisian magazine Le Petit Journal organized the first motoring competition in the world.|Yes. The first competition considered to be a worl competition was organized from Paris to Rouen and written about by The Parisian magazine known as Le Petit Journal.|Cool. The first motoring race, in 1894, ran from Paris to Rouen.
The Goldendoodle is a cross-breed dog, which is obtained by breeding a Golden Retriever with a Poodle.|have you ever heard about goldendoodle?|Yes, they are cross-bred dogs.|The Golden doodle is a cross breed dog|The Goldendoodle is a cross breed dog.
The Goldendoodle was first bred by Monica Dickens in 1969.|oh cool, i'm so curious to know more about this dog. my friend got one but i don't think i've ever seen one|I know that Monica Dickens first bred them in 1969.|The golden doodle was first bred by monica dickens in 1969|The goldendoodle was first bred by Monica Dickens in 1969.
Poodles are considered to be hypoallergenic.|do you know what they look like? what's special about them?|I'm not sure, but they are considered hypoallergenic.||No.Poodles are considered to be hypoallergenic
Their coats do not shed, which reduces dander.|oh nice, so people with allergies can have these dogs|They don't shed, which reduces dander.|Yes. Their coats do not shed which reduces dander|I'm not sure. That said, they do not shed, and that reduces dander.
Dander is a protein that sheds from the skin and causes allergies in humans.|that's good to know! Where do these dogs come from?|I'm not sure, but they are a protein that sheds from the skin.|Dander is the protein that sheds from the skin and causes allergies in humans|I don't know where they come from. However, I do know that dander is an allergy-causing protein.
Motivation is the reason for people's actions, desires, and needs.|What do you think is more important, motivation or discipline?|I'm not sure, but I know that motivation is the reason for people's needs, actions and desires.|Motivation - helps prove someone's actions and desires|I wouldn't know, but I know that motivation is the reason people act, or desire, or need something.
Motivation is also one's direction to behavior, or what causes a person to want to repeat a behavior.|I really lack motivation, but I've heard it's more important to have discipline.|That's too bad. Motivation is also the direction to behavior.|Yes, motivation helps direct one's behavior and actions|Again, I wouldn't know, but motivation is what gives a person the desire to repeat their behavior.
A motive is what prompts the person to act in a certain way, or at least develop an inclination for specific behavior.|How can you tell|I can't say but a motive is what prompts the person to act in a certain way or develop an inclination for specific behavior.|Well a motive helps prompt someone to act in a certain way|Well, a motive helps prompt someone to act in a certain way.
The range of topics discussed by two individuals is the breadth of disclosure.|But what if someone is lying about their motive?  Then you don't know their true motivation.|I'm not sure, but the wide range of topics discussed by two individuals is the breadth of disclosure.|Yes true, but disclosure is important when talking about the range of topics, especially among two individuals|That's an interesting thought. On another topic, I know of something called the breadth of disclosure, which is the range of topics two people discuss.
The objective is to score the highest pinfall by knocking down as many pins as possible.|I love bowling I used to do it for a year back in highschool, very fun.|Oh, cool! Did you know that the goal is to score the highest pinfall by knocking down as many pins as possible?|i have never been particularly good, i'm normally luck to hit 1 pin ha|Nice, are you good at knocking as many pins as possible?
Since its inception in 1965, this event has brought together champions from all over world so that players from small countries with few bowling facilities can meet the greats of the sport, all on equal terms and all in a spirit of friendly competition.|I am not sure, it can be difficult, its actually quite frustrating when you start doing bad. I wonder how long bowling has been a sport?|I'm not sure, but it's been around since its inception in 1965.|i think the bowling world cup fi|I am not sure about bowling's inception, but I do know about an event that started in 1965
Since its inception in 1965, this event has brought together champions from all over world so that players from small countries with few bowling facilities can meet the greats of the sport, all on equal terms and all in a spirit of friendly competition.|What do you know about this event ?|Well, I know that it has brought together champions from all over the world so that players from small countries with few bowling facilities can meet the greats of the sport.|haha, i'm pretty sure the bowling world cup began in 1965, which is pretty cool with the amount of countries which enter|Well, I know that this event brings together champions from places all over the world.
It is the largest annual international sports championship in terms of participating nations.|Yeah, but I think bowling used to be a huge sport back in the day, more so than now.|I see, well it is the largest annual international sports championship in terms of participating nations.|it certainly give the football world cup competition for the amount of countries which participate.|If you think so. What I can tell you is that this championship is the largest in terms of participating nations.
Generally, the heavier the ball, the more pins that will topple on two equivalent shots.|Yeah, but sadly bowling just isn't as demanding and difficult as football, so it's fallen off while football is as prominent as ever.|I see, well the more pins that topple on two equal shots, the heavier the ball, the more pins.|I suppose you bowling is more like weightlifting then. The heavier the ball the more pins will topple.|Okay, let's get back to bowling now. Did you know that heavier balls will topple more pins ?
Bowling is a sport or leisure activity in which a player rolls or throws a bowling ball towards a target.|I'm dying to learn how to bowl! All of my friends love it and I'm feeling left out!|Oh, that's nice. Do you like to throw a bowling ball towards a target?|well you have come to the right place! Bowling is a sport or leisure activity in which a player rolls or throws a bowling ball towards a target!|Oh, OK! Well, to start, bowling involves rolling a bowling ball toward some sort of target.
A strike is when all the pins are knocked down on the first roll, whereas a spare is when all the pins are knocked over on the second shot.|The target being pins I guess! That's the extent of my knowledge! Do I have to knock them all down on my first try?|I'm not sure, but I know that a strike is when all the pins are knocked down on the first roll.|The goal is to get a strike. you get a strike when all the pins are knocked down on the first roll, whereas a spare is when all the pins are knocked over on the second shot.|If you do knock them down on the first try, that's called a strike. However, if you take two tries to knock them all down, that's called a spare.
The maximum score is 300, which is achieved by getting 12 strikes in a row.|Oh good! I'll definitely need two chances!! How long has bowling been around?|I'm not sure, but the maximum score is 300, and 12 strikes in a row are achieved.|Since 1000 BC! the maximum score is 300, which is achieved by getting 12 strikes in a row.|I don't know. But, back to the scoring, if you manage 12 strikes in a row, you get the maximum score of 300.
Further strings of strikes are referred to as the number with the word ''bagger'', such as ''four-bagger'' for four consecutive strikes.|300 seems like an impossible score, but I'll do my best! What else can you tell me?|Well, I can also tell you that there are strings of strikes that are called bags, or "four-bagger" for four consecutive strikes.|Yea, well Jesus created it but it was created 1000 before he was born cause he is the creator of all things! Further strings of strikes are referred to as the number with the word ''bagger'' such as a ''four-bagger''|There are actually names for various strings of strikes. For example, four strikes in a row is called a "four-bagger".
The pin version of bowling is often played on a flat wooden or other synthetic surface (which can be oiled in different patterns for different techniques), while in target bowling, the surface may be grass, gravel or a synthetic surface.|Good to know! Do I need special shoes to go bowling?|I'm not sure, but the pin version is often played on a flat wooden or other synthetic surface.|you will need shoes for the flat wooden or synthetic surface that the game is played on|I can't really say. The pin version of bowling usually takes place on a wood or synthetic surface, but there is also target blowing, which can be done on grass or gravel.
Nickelback is a Canadian rock band formed in 1995 in Hanna, Alberta, Canada.|What do you think about the band nickelback?|I'm a bot, so I don't have opinions on them. I know they were formed in 1995 in Alberta.|Nickelback is a Canadian rock band formed in 1995 that is not very good.|I have no opinion on their music, being a bot that can't hear, but I know that they're from Canada and formed in 1995.
Rock music of Canada is a wide and diverse part of the general music of Canada, beginning with American and British style rock and roll in the mid-20th century.|I think the music is OK. I only mentioned them because they have sentimental value to me as I met my wife at their concert. I was given free tickets in work and decided to go and accidently met the woman I later fell in love with.|Oh, cool! Rock music of Canada is a wide and diverse part of the general music of Canada.|Rock music of Canada is a wide and diverse part of the general music of Canada|Rock music of Canada is a wide and diverse part of the general music of Canada.
Nickelback is one of the most commercially successful Canadian groups, having sold more than 50 million albums worldwide and ranking as the eleventh best-selling music act, and the second best-selling foreign act in the U.S. of the 2000s, behind The Beatles.|I'm sure it is. How popular is Nickelback?|I'm not sure, but it's the 11th best-selling music act in the world.|Nickelback is one of the most commercially successful Canadian groups, and I don't know why.|They've sold over 50 million albums around the world, only The Beatles sold more music than them in the 2000s.
The band is composed of guitarist and lead vocalist Chad Kroeger, guitarist, keyboardist and backing vocalist Ryan Peake, bassist Mike Kroeger, and drummer Daniel Adair.|Wow! Who's in the bad.|I'm not sure, but Chad Kroeger is the lead vocalist, guitarist, keyboardist, and backing vocalist.|Perhaps it is guitarist and lead vocalist Chad Kroeger|They have Chad Kroeger, Ryan Peake, Mike Kroeger, and Daniel Adair.
In addition to his work with Nickelback, Kroeger has been involved with a variety of collaborations, appearing as a guest musician in several songs and has contributed in both production and songwriting.|Ah, isn't Chad Kroeger pretty active outside Nickelback?|I'm not sure, but he's been involved with a variety of collaborations.|In addition to his work with Nickelback, Kroeger has been involved with a variety of collaboration|In addition to his work with Nickelback, Kroeger has been involved with a variety of collaboration.
Skiing has a history of almost five millennia.|Skiing is one of my favorite pasttimes. I wish I could do it more.|Ah, that's nice. It's been around for almost 5 millennia.|It is a lot of fun and has been around a long time.  It goes back almost 5000 years!|Were you aware that skiing goes back almost 5,000 years?
It comes from the Old Norse word ''skíð'' which means ''split piece of wood or firewood''.|I wonder what they used for skiis back then.|I'm not sure, but skiis comes from the Old Norse word ''sk'' which means ''split piece of wood or firewood''.|The word ski actually comes from skio.  That is Old Norse for split piece of wood|I don't know, but the word ski actually comes from skio. That is Old Norse for split piece of wood.
Originally intended as an aid to travel over snow, they are now mainly used recreationally in the sport of skiing.|Now that is pretty cool. So they named it after the piece of wood they originally used.|They originally used them to travel over snow.|Yes, it was orginally used to aid travel in snowy areas, but now it is pretty much just recreation|They originally skied as an aid for travel, though now skiing is mostly a recreational activity.
Early skiers used one long pole or spear.|Oh ok, so it was created out of necessity.|I see, did you know that skiers used one long spear or pole?|Yes, and early skiers actually used spears as ski poles.|They also used a single long pole, or just a spear.
The first depiction of a skier with two ski poles dates to 1741.|How long has skiing been around?|I'm not sure, but the first depiction of a skier with two ski poles dates back to 1741.|For over 5000 years, but the first instance of a skier with two ski poles was 1741|I don't know, but the first depiction showing a skier using two poles is from 1741.
In subtractive color systems, used in painting and color printing, it is created by a combination of yellow and blue, or yellow and cyan; in the RGB color model, used on television and computer screens, it is one of the additive primary colors, along with red and blue, which are mixed in different combinations to create all other colors.|hello my favorite color is green what is yours|I'm a bot, so I can't see colors. I know that in subtractive color systems, yellow and blue are mixed together.|Green is created using a combination of yellow and blue.|I am a bot so I don't have favorites, now speaking of the color green, did you know that it is created by combining yellow and blue ?
By far the largest contributor to green in nature is chlorophyll, the chemical by which plants photosynthesize and convert sunlight into chemical energy.|I didn't know that, I see lots of green in nature|That's interesting. The chemical by which plants photosynthesize and convert sunlight into chemical energy.|In nature, green is a sign of chlorophyll.|Well, chlorophyll is actually the biggest contributor to the green you see in nature
Many creatures have adapted to their green environments by taking on a green hue themselves as camouflage.|true but having chlorophyll means those things are alive once it goes they wither and die|I see, did you know that many creatures have adapted to their green environments?||A lot of creatures have taken on green as a form of camouflage.
Several minerals have a green color, including the emerald, which is colored green by its chromium content.|green is a great color for them because most of them are only awake when there a green leaves to hid in|That's great! There are several minerals that have a green color, like the emerald, which is colored by their chromium content.||Many minerals have a green color.
Archery is the sport, practice or skill of using a bow to propel arrows.|I have become interested in archery!  I am not very good, but am trying to learn more about the sport!|I see, archery is the skill, practice or sport of using a bow to propel arrows.|Well Archery is the sport, so it is dangerous so you should learn at your own pace.|Oh, that's nice. So you are using a bow to shoot arrows, then?
The word comes from the Latin ''arcus''.|Yeah, I am trying to approach it cautiously.  When was archery created?|I'm not sure, but the word "arcus" comes from Latin.|Well it has been around almost forever. the name comes from the latin word ''arcus''.|I don't know, but "archery" comes from the Latin word "arcus".
In modern times, it is mainly a competitive sport and recreational activity.|Interesting!  What does arcus mean exactly?|I'm not sure, but it's a sport that is competitive and is a recreational activity.|it means archer I think. today  it is mainly a competitive sport and recreational activity.|I couldn't say. These days archery is mainly a leisure activity or a sport.
A person who participates in archery is typically called an archer or a ''bowman'', and a person who is fond of or an expert at archery is sometimes called a toxophilite.|Yeah, not too much of a need for archers in the modern military!  If I use a compound bow, is it still considered archery?|I'm not sure, but a person who participates in archery is typically called an archer or a ''bowman''.|It is and A person who participates in archery is typically called an archer or a ''bowman''|I'm not sure, but someone who does archery is usually called an archer, or maybe a bowman.
Regarded as one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century, he is often referred to as the ''King of Rock and Roll'' or simply ''the King''.|Ever since I saw Forest Gump a few weeks ago, I like to listen to Elvis Presley.|Have you ever heard of the King of Rock and Roll? He's considered one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century.|Yeah, I love the King of Rock and Roll. Is he your favorite musical artist?|Cool, he's regarded as an cultural icon of the 1900s. Is he your favorite?
Accompanied by guitarist Scotty Moore and bassist Bill Black, Presley was a pioneer of rockabilly, an uptempo, backbeat-driven fusion of country music and rhythm and blues.|He is starting to be but I don't know much, why is he the King of Rock and Roll?|I'm not sure, but he was a pioneer of rockabilly, along with Bill Black and Scotty Moore.|He was a singer who skyrocketed rockabilly music into the charts worldwide, combining his singing with his band's talent.|Well, he was a pioneer for rockabilly, which is a fusion of country and blues and rhythm.
Presley's first RCA single, ''Heartbreak Hotel'', was released in January 1956 and became a number one hit in the United States.|What is his most famous song?|I'm not sure, but his first RCA single was "Heartbreak Hotel".|One of his first singles, ''Heartbreak Hotel'', was a number one hit in the U.S. It was quite popular.|Not sure about his most famous but one single, "Heartbreak Hotel" came out and became the top hit in the US.
''Heartbreak Hotel'' was certified Platinum by the RIAA.|Did he win any awards?|I'm not sure, but "Heartbreak Hotel" was certified Platinum by the RIAA.|He did. ''Heartbreak Hotel'' won him a Platinum award, as well as multiple Grammy nominations.|Can't say although "Heartbreak Hotel" got platinum by the RIAA.
Elvis Aaron Presley (January 8, 1935 – August 16, 1977) was an American singer, musician, and actor.|How did he die?|He died in 1977.|He passed away on August 16th, 1977.|Unclear on that but he died on August 16, 1977.
The garment is mostly associated with the college culture of the Roaring Twenties and early 1930s, being also popular throughout the 1950s, the 1970s and the 1990s.|Cardigans make me look dapper.|Cool, did you know that the garment is mostly associated with the college culture of the Roaring Twenties?|I agree. They're associated with the Roaring Twenties which had many classy dressing styles.|What I know about this garment is that it is has an association with the Roaring Twenties college culture
A cardigan is a type of knitted garment (sweater) that has an open front.|Do you know if there are any made out of a material other than cotton?|I'm not sure, but I know that cardigans have an open front.|Not sure, but they are knitted so I'm guessing lots of different materials can be used.|The truth is that I don't know that. I do know that they are knitted though
It may be machine- or hand-knitted.|Are they knitted by hand?|I'm not sure, but they can be machine- or hand-knitted.||They can be machine or hand knitted.
Coco Chanel is credited with popularizing cardigans for women because ''she hated how tight-necked men’s sweaters messed up her hair when she pulled them over her head.''|How did cardigans become so popular?|I'm not sure, but I know that she hated how tight-necked men's sweaters messed up her hair when she pulled them over her head.||Coco Chanel actually poularized them, because she didn't like how tight-necked sweaters messed up her hair when removing them.
According to Maehr and Meyer, ''Motivation is a word that is part of the popular culture as few other psychological concepts are.''|Hi, do you have any advice on how to stay motived?|I'm not sure, but I know that "Motivation" is a word that is part of the popular culture.|For me Motivation is a word that is part of the popular culture as few other psychological concepts are, so you have to find your own ways to motivate yourself|Not any here but according to Maehr and Meyer, the word motivation is part of popular culture.
Motivation theories can be classified on a number of bases:  Motivation as a desire to perform an action is usually defined as having two parts, directional such as directed towards a positive stimulus or away from a negative one, as well as the activated ''seeking phase'' and consummatory ''liking phase''.|Hmm, okay I see what you mean. What do you do to stay motivated when you have to do a rather mundane task?|I'm not sure, but motivation theories can be classified on a number of bases.|Motivation as a desire to perform an action that you rather not, so you need to find the reason why, and hopefully change your mind :D|Sorry, but I don't have any advice for that. However, motivation is typically defined with two parts, a directional part and a "seeking phase".
The ''wanting behavior'' associated with a rewarding stimulus can be increased by microinjections of dopamine and dopaminergic drugs in the dorsorostral nucleus accumbens and posterior ventral palladium.|Ahh I see, so if I find a suitable reason why I should do a task I will find motivation easier. That sounds good to me. :)|Dopamine and dopaminergic drugs can increase the "wanting behavior" associated with a rewarding stimulus.|The ''wanting behavior'' associated with a rewarding stimulus can be increased by microinjections of dopamine, so you need to be happy to be motivated also :D|Another thing is that the "wanting behavior" linked with a reward stimulus can be increased through tiny injections of dopaminergic drugs and dopamine.
Motivation is the reason for people's actions, desires, and needs.|Ah that sounds a bit too scientific for me and I'm not interested in drugs lol. So what else is there to say about motivation?|Motivation is the reason for people's actions, desires and needs.|Yes, you need to start from yourself, motivation is the reason for people's actions|The thing about motivation is that it is the reason for people's desires, needs, and actions.
The most common theory is that Chihuahuas are descended from the ''Techichi'', a companion dog favored by the Toltec civilization in Mexico.|My parents just adopted a yappy little Chihuahua. Not so sure I'm stoked about the idea. I don't really know if they have any redeemable or interesting qualities, do you?|I'm a bot, so I can't really say. I know that Chihuahuas are favored by the Toltec civilization in Mexico.|Well, they descended from the Techichi, which was a favorite dog of the Toltec civilation in Mexico|Well, they descended from the Techichi, which was a favorite dog of the Toltec civilization in Mexico.
The earliest of these were found at Tres Zapotes in Veracruz, Mexico, which date to 100 AD, indirect evidence that the breed was in Mexico over 1400 years before the first Europeans arrived.|Yeah, I imagined they would come from Mexico. I still don't understand why they're so small, though. Did they just get bred that way somehow?|I'm not sure, but the earliest were found at Tres Zapotes in Veracruz, Mexico.||Well the earliest evidence show that they were around in 100 AD, so as far as breeding I do not know
No records of the Techichi are available prior to the 9th century, although dog pots from Colima, Mexico, buried as part of the western Mexico shaft tomb tradition which date back to 300 BC are thought to depict Techichis.|Ah, that's alright. I guess it's kind of cool that they've been around that long. They must have a long and rich heritage, huh? Have they done anything cool since they've been around for so long?|I'm not sure, but there are dog pots from Colima, Mexico, that date back to 300 BC.|Besides being fans of Taco Bell?  Well they were buried in ancient shaft tombs back in 300 BC|I don't really know of anything, though there are dog pots buried in shaft tombs about 300 BC that may depict Techichis.
The Western Mexico shaft tomb tradition or shaft tomb culture refers to a set of interlocked cultural traits found in the western Mexican states of Jalisco, Nayarit, and, to a lesser extent, Colima to its south, roughly dating to the period between 300 BCE and 400 CE, although there is not wide agreement on this end-date.|What are shaft tombs?|Well, I know that shaft tombs dates back to 300 BCE and 400 CE.|I don't think tombs were scary.  It was just the tradition back in western Mexico between 300 BC and 400 AD|I'm not sure, but it refers to a tradition in Western Mexico between 300 and 400 BCE.
Instagram lets registered users upload photos or videos to the service.|What is your favorite thing to post on Instagram?|I'm a bot, so I don't have favorites. I know that registered users can upload photos or videos to Instagram.|Usually I just photos or videos.  Do you know who owns Instagram?|I am a bot so posting on Instagram is not possible to me, what about you, are you a registered user on Instagram? I know that it is possible to upload photos or videos there
It is owned by Facebook.|Yes, I love posting everything on Instagram and Facebook as well|Oh, that's nice. Facebook owns it.|it's actually owned by Facebook|So you use Facebook too, did you know that Instagram is owned by Facebook?
Users can apply various digital filters to their images, and add locations through geotags.|Cool, what I like the most on Instagram are the filters|Cool, do you use geotags to add locations?|generally landscape photos.  Instagram allows you to use different filters which makes it pretty cool.|Nice, I know that Instagram allows the users to apply many digital filters to their images
Users can connect their Instagram account to other social media profiles, enabling them to share photos to those profiles as well.|I used the black and white filter for my dog pictures.|Cool, did you know that Instagram users can connect to other social media profiles?|you can link your instagram account to facebook and twitter and share your dog photos!|Have you ever tried to link you Instagram account to your other social media profiles to be able to share your dog pictures to them?
Instagram is a mobile, desktop, and Internet-based photo-sharing application and service that allows users to share pictures and videos either publicly, or privately to pre-approved followers.|I have never thought about it, that would make it easier for my friends and family to see my pictures.|Oh, cool! It's a mobile, desktop, and Internet-based application and service.|exactly!  It's great for photo sharing.|Cool that your friends and family are able to see your photos, but did you know that you can share pictures publicly or privately on Instagram?
The Walking Dead is an American post-apocalyptic horror television series developed by Frank Darabont for AMC that is based on the comic book series of the same name by Robert Kirkman, Tony Moore, and Charlie Adlard.|Do you like the tv show The Walking Dead? I forget what channel it's on.|I'm a bot, so I don't have an opinion about it. I know that it's based on a comic book series.|Ive never been a huge fan, but my boyfriend likes it. Its an american horror show on AMC|I'm indifferent to it but I know that it is developed by Frank Darabont on AMC.
''The Walking Dead'' premiered in the United States on October 31, 2010, exclusively shown on cable television channel AMC and internationally on Fox International Channels.|I like Sci Fi shows and this is more post apocalyptic zombies called walkers. It took me awhile to get into it.|It premiered in the US on October 31, 2010, on cable TV and internationally.|It has been around for a while. It started airing on halloween 2010. It also shows internatioanlly on fox|I see, did you start when it first premiered in the US back in October 31 of 2010?
Rick Grimes is a fictional character and the protagonist in the comic book series ''The Walking Dead'' and the television series of the same name, portrayed by Andrew Lincoln.|I did not, I think I started a little bit after. I know t takes place around Atlanta, GA and Alexandria VA  but do you remember what the actor's real name was for the protagonist?|I'm not sure, but Rick Grimes is the protagonist of the Walking Dead comic book series.||rick grimes is just a fictional character who plays the sheriff
Beginning with its third season, ''The Walking Dead'' has attracted the most 18- to 49-year-old viewers of any cable or broadcast television series.|Yep.  I like zombie movies also and the spin off show isn't bad either. It's called Fear of the Walking Dead.|Oh, yeah? It's been around for 18 to 49 years.|what is that about? alot of walking dead fans are between the ages of 18-49.|What is that about? Also did you know "The Walking Dead" has the most 18 to 49 year-old viewers of all broadcast or cable TV series?
Practitioners of accounting are known as accountants.|Hi, I am a professional in the field of accounting.  How may I assist you today?|I'm a bot, so I can't do that. I know that accountants are known as accountants.|That is very handy, so the term for you would be an accountant, people practice accounting, do you have a lot of job in that field?|I don't need help but you would be known as an accountant then right?
The history of accounting or accountancy is thousands of years old and can be traced to ancient civilizations.|That's right!  I am called an accountant.  There are a lot of jobs in this field.  You can work in various fields, whether it's auditing, tax, bookkeeping, consulting and industry jobs.|That's nice. Did you know that accounting or accountancy is a history that dates back thousands of years?|So you can say that you are in one of the most ancients jobs! accounting can be traced to ancient civilizations!|So you can say that you are in one of the most ancient jobs! Accounting can be traced back to ancient civilization!
In the United States, a tax is imposed on income by the federal government, most state governments, and many local governments.|It's been around since the beginning of time.  There is no other way for businesses to accurately reflect their true net incomes without the help of an accountant.  Accountants also help ensure that all businesses are reporting their income and expenses correctly, which in turn can help business raise money, file tax returns and find optimal ways to improve their business.|That's great! In the US, a tax is imposed on income by the federal government, many state governments, and local governments.|That is true! and i can imagine you must be very carefull in your job, with taxes that are imposed on income by the federal government, can you get into trouble by making a mistake?|That's very interesting, so you know then that the federal government imposes a tax on income then?
Generally, the tax is imposed on net profits.|Definitely.  The governments can impose penalties and interest on both individual and business income tax returns, if not completed properly.  Granted, they do allow for minor mistakes, but if you are willfully committing fraud or being negligent in your tax reporting, you will be hit with very severe penalties.|I see, well the tax is imposed on net profits.|That is quite a responsability for you and the companies that hire you, i know that generally tax is imposed on just the net profits, so it is not all of the profits, am i right?|Oh man that sounds like quite intricate, also I know that generally net profits has a tax imposed on it, is that true?
Elvis Aaron Presley (January 8, 1935 – August 16, 1977) was an American singer, musician, and actor.|Hi How are you doing?|I'm a bot, so I can't do anything. I know of Elvis Presley, who was an American singer, actor, and musician.|Good, I was was listening to music, Elvis, my favorite artist|Hi, I'm a bot, so I don't really have good or bad days. Are you familiar with Elvis Presly, the singer and actor?
His music career began there in 1954, recording at Sun Records with producer Sam Phillips, who wanted to bring the sound of African American music to a wider audience.|Yes, I really love Elvis.|Cool, did you know his career started there in 1954?|HE is so great, he career started in 1954.|Great! Did you know he started his music career in 1954?
With a series of successful network television appearances and chart-topping records, he became the leading figure of the newly popular sound of rock and roll.|I didn't know the specific year. He was very popular, though.|He was the leading figure of rock and roll's newly popular sound.|It is the destiny of a lot of artists, but you have to give him credit for the popularisation of Rock'n Roll|He was the leading figure for rock and roll at the time.
Accompanied by guitarist Scotty Moore and bassist Bill Black, Presley was a pioneer of rockabilly, an uptempo, backbeat-driven fusion of country music and rhythm and blues.|For sure, Elvis broke barriers all around with the sound of his Music and the way he would dance|He was a pioneer of rockabilly, along with Bill Black and Scotty Moore.|BUt He was not alone, he had a group, his guitarist was Scotty Moore|But he was not alone; he had a group, his guitarist was Scotty Moore.
It also has a long historical tradition as the color of Ireland and of Gaelic culture.|the land is green ,natures best|I see, did you know that it has a long history tradition as the color of Ireland?|Green is well known as the color of Ireland and Gaelic culture. It is also my favorite color!|Speaking of green, were you aware that green is the color of Gaelic culture and Ireland?
By far the largest contributor to green in nature is chlorophyll, the chemical by which plants photosynthesize and convert sunlight into chemical energy.|I didn't know that. Why are plants green?|I'm not sure, but the chemical by which plants convert sunlight into chemical energy is by far the biggest contributor to green.|Chlorophyll is the reason why plants are green, it is also the chemical that converts sunlight into chemical energy.|Well, I know that the largest contributor to the green you see in nature is the chemical chlorophyll. It is the chemical used by plants for photosynthesis
It is evoked by light which has a dominant wavelength of roughly 495570 nm.|how is green color produced?|I'm not sure, but it has a dominant wavelength of 495570 nm.|Green is evoked by light, a dominant wavelength of about 495570 nm. It is between blue and yellow.|I am not sure about the production of the color green, I do know about green light though. It is evoked by light with a dominant wavelength of about 495570 nm.
Many creatures have adapted to their green environments by taking on a green hue themselves as camouflage.|what else can you tell me about green?|Well, I also know that many creatures have adapted to their green environments by taking on a green hue themselves as camouflage.|Creatures adapt to their environment, taking on a green hue to help camouflage into their environment.|Well, I also know that creatures have taken on green hue as camouflage in green environments.
Several minerals have a green color, including the emerald, which is colored green by its chromium content.|Are you referring to a chameleon?|I'm a bot, so I can't use chameleons. I know that emerald is green because of its chromium content.|Many creatures blend in for survival purposes. My favorite mineral is also green, the emerald, due to chromium content.|I actually don't have any information about chameleons. I know about minerals, like the emerald, which is green because of its chromium content.
The novels chronicle the life of a young wizard, Harry Potter, and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley, all of whom are students at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.|I really like the Harry Potter franchise|Oh, that's nice. They chronicle the life of a young wizard, Harry Potter, and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley.||Harry Potter chronicles the life of Harry Potter and his friends.
The main story arc concerns Harry's struggle against Lord Voldemort, a dark wizard who intends to become immortal, overthrow the wizard governing body known as the Ministry of Magic, and subjugate all wizards and muggles, a reference term that means non-magical people.|I really think that Harry Potter should not have been the main character though|I don't know about the main character but the main story arc is about Harry's struggle against Lord Voldemort, a dark wizard who intends to become immortal||The story concerns Harry's battle with Lord Voldemort.
The series has also had its share of criticism, including concern about the increasingly dark tone as the series progressed, as well as the often gruesome and graphic violence it depicts.|Yes, but Harry was a horrible protagonist|I see, did you know that the series has had its share of criticism?||The series has garnered critics regarding the darker tone as the series progressed.
, the books have sold more than 500 million copies worldwide, making them the best-selling book series in history, and have been translated into seventy-three languages.|It's not so much the tone as it is the fact that Harry was whiny and would constantly put his friends and the entire Hogwarts school at risk.  He had no connection with others' perspectives|I see, did you know that the books have sold over 500 million copies worldwide?|Well, the books have more than 500 copies sold worldwide, so some disagree.|That's an interesting thought. Having said that, the books sold over half a billion copies worldwide.
They have attracted a wide adult audience as well as younger readers, and are often considered cornerstones of modern young adult literature.|I think that statement, while correct, is highly underselling the popularity of the book.|I see, well they have attracted a wide adult audience as well as a younger reader.||It attracted a wide adult audience in addition to younger readers.
Guns N' Roses, often abbreviated as GNR, is an American hard rock band from Los Angeles, California, formed in 1985.|Guns N' Roses... what's so great about 'em?|I'm not sure, but they're from Los Angeles, California.|They're an American hard rock band from Los Angeles and make some great music!|I'm a bot, so I can't listen to music to answer your question, but they are a rock band from Los Angeles.
The lineup, when first signed to Geffen Records in 1986, consisted of vocalist Axl Rose, lead guitarist Slash, rhythm guitarist Izzy Stradlin, bassist Duff McKagan, and drummer Steven Adler.|I've heard that before.. but what's interesting about them? So, first off, I can't even remember what decade they're from. '80s? '70s?|I'm not sure, but the lineup was first signed in 1986 by Geffen Records.|The lineup, when first signed to Geffen Records in 1986 so they consider themselves an 80s band.|I don't know what's interesting about them. They did sign with Geffen Records in 1986, though.
Guns N' Roses' debut album, ''Appetite for Destruction'' (1987), reached number one on the ''Billboard'' 200 a year after its release, on the strength of ''Sweet Child o' Mine'', the band's only single to reach number one on the ''Billboard'' Hot 100.|I see. Did they sell a lot of albums, or something?|I'm not sure, but their debut album, "Appetite for Destruction" came out in 1987.|Guns N' Roses' debut album, ''Appetite for Destruction'' probably has the most soulful and unique rock style, thats why people love them so much.|Their first album made number one on Billboard's 200 list, and their single Sweet Child o' Mine made number one on the Hot 100.
The album has sold approximately 30 million copies worldwide, including 18 million units in the United States, making it the best-selling debut album of all time in the US, as well as the eleventh best-selling album in the United States.|OK, so they did sell a lot of albums, then?|I'm not sure, but they have sold about 30 million copies worldwide.|The album has sold approximately 30 million copies worldwide, including 18 million units in the United States, making it the best-selling debut album of all time in the US. I think thats enough reason to atleast listen to them on youtube.|Yes, it was the best-selling debut album in the US, at 18 million copies, and the 11th best-selling in the world, at 30 million.
The twin albums ''Use Your Illusion I'' and ''Use Your Illusion II'' (1991) debuted at number two and number one on the ''Billboard'' 200 respectively and have sold a combined 35 million copies worldwide, including 14 million units in the United States.|If they're that popular, that many people can't be wrong. Guess I'll listen to at least one song.|I see, did you know the two albums "Use Your Illusion II" and "Use Your Illusion II" debuted at number two and number one on the "Billboard" 200?|I would recommend the twin albums ''Use Your Illusion I'' and ''Use Your Illusion II'' (1991) as a starter.|OK. Their twin albums from 1991 also debuted at number 1 and 2 on the Billboard 200.
Grisham's first bestseller, ''The Firm'', sold more than seven million copies.|Did you know John Grisham is a popular author?|Yes, he's the first bestseller, "The Firm".|Yes, his first bestseller ''The Firm'' sold more than 7 million copies!|I don't know how popular he is, but his first best-selling book, The Firm, sold over seven million copies.
The book was adapted into a 1993 feature film of the same name, starring Tom Cruise, and a 2012 TV series which ''continues the story of attorney Mitchell McDeere and his family 10 years after the events of the film and novel.''|I didnt know that didn't they make a movie about that book?|I'm not sure, but it was adapted into a feature film in 1993.|Yes it was adapted into a film in 1993, starring Tom Cruise. He's had several books adapted into films|Yes, it was adapted into a film in 1993, starring Tom Cruise.
Eight of his other novels have also been adapted into films: ''The Chamber'', ''The Client'', ''A Painted House'', ''The Pelican Brief'', ''The Rainmaker'', ''The Runaway Jury'', ''Skipping Christmas'', and ''A Time to Kill''.|Do you know any other movies that were made into movies from his books?|Yes, he has eight novels, like The Chamber, The Client, The Pelican Brief, and more.|Other movies made from his books include ''The Chamber'' ''The Rainmaker'' and ''A Time to Kill''|Other movies made from his books include ''The Chamber'' ''The Rainmaker'' and ''A Time to Kill''.
He practiced criminal law for about a decade and served in the House of Representatives in Mississippi from January 1984 to September 1990.|Is John Grisham still putting out books?|I'm not sure, but he's been criminal law for about a decade.|I believe he is still active. Also, he practiced law for about a decade|I don't know, however he did practice criminal law for about 10 years.
He practiced criminal law for about a decade and served in the House of Representatives in Mississippi from January 1984 to September 1990.|I see that is where he probably gets his ideas from.|He practiced criminal law for about a decade.|Probably. A lot of good authors seem to have that valuable life experience. He also served in the House of Representatives from 1984 to 1990|That's an interesting thought. He was also a representative from Mississippi from 1984 to 1990.
It can be performed to motivate sports teams, entertain the audience, or for competition.|My niece recently got into cheerleading. She really seems to enjoy it.|Oh, cool! It can be performed to motivate sports teams, entertain the audience, or for competition.|Nice, does she lead cheerlead for a sports team, like football, or does she do it as a sport of its own, for competition?|Nice. Cheerleading can be done to motivate a sports team, to entertain people, or for competition. Which does she do?
The global presentation of cheerleading was led by the 1997 broadcast of ESPN's International cheerleading competition, and the worldwide release of the 2000 film ''Bring It On''.|She does it for her high school football team, but she also entered a summer cheer competition because her coach recommended her.|I see, did you know that the global presentation of cheerleading was led by the 1997 broadcast of ESPN's International cheerleading competition?|That's awesome. ESPN has broadcast international cheerleading competitions. It's a serious sport.|That's awesome. ESPN has broadcast international cheerleading competitions.
Competitive routines typically range anywhere from one to three minutes, and contain components of tumbling, dance, jumps, cheers, and stunting.|Some people don't think it's a sport, but I definitely disagree. She works very hard!|I see, do you like to perform competitive routines that range from one to three minutes?|They have to be very athletic to do all those components of tumbling, jumps, dance, and stunt moves!|That's great! Routines can in volve tumbling, dancing, jumps, cheering and stunting.
Cheerleading originated in the United States, and remains predominantly in America, with an estimated 1.5 million participants in all-star cheerleading.|Yes, it's a lot of work. More than some other sports, in fact. I'm pretty proud of her and hope she goes far.|Oh, that's nice. Cheerleading originated in the US.|Good luck to her! It's become so popular in America, apparently about 1.5 million participants are involved. Very cool!|Pretty cool! There are about 1.5 million all-star cheerleading participants in America.
Green is the color between blue and yellow on the visible spectrum.|Hands down, the best color is green. There is no argument.|Green is between blue and yellow on the visible spectrum.|I suppose I like green, because it's the color in between my two favorite colors, blue and yellow!|Would you say you are a fan of green then? I know that this color is located between yellow and blue on the visible spectrum
Green is the color between blue and yellow on the visible spectrum.|Yes, I am a fan of green indeed. What else do you know about the visible spectrum ?|Well, I also know that green is between yellow and blue on the visible spectrum.|Haha, I like blue and yellow because they're the colors of the Swedish flag!|Well, the only information about the visible spectrum I have right now is about green being between blue and yellow
By far the largest contributor to green in nature is chlorophyll, the chemical by which plants photosynthesize and convert sunlight into chemical energy.|That is Ok, I also like the fact that green reminds me of nature|That's nice. The chemical by which plants photosynthesize and convert sunlight into chemical energy.|Haha, I beg to differ. Once the ice melts away from winter, Sweden is all green! It's green because of all the chlorophyll in nature.|Speaking of green and nature, were you aware that the biggest contributor to green found in nature is the chemical Chlorophyll?
It also has a long historical tradition as the color of Ireland and of Gaelic culture.|Chlorophyll? I have never heard of it, and I am from Ireland|I know that it has a long historical tradition as the color of Ireland and also of Gaelic culture.|You are funny. Okay, but green is also a big part of Irish culture, since Sweden will not do for now.|Being from Ireland you must know that green is actually the color of this country, right?
Genghis Khan or Chinggis Khaan (born Temüjin, c. 1162 August 18, 1227), was the Great Khan and founder of the Mongol Empire, which became the largest contiguous empire in history after his death.|My roommate loves Genghis Khan|Cool, did you know that he was the Great Khan?||The Genghis Khan who founded the Mongol Empire?
He came to power by uniting many of the nomadic tribes of Northeast Asia.|Yes! He admires his strength|I see, did you know he unite many tribes of Northeast Asia?|He united many of the nomadic tribe of Northeast Asia.|I see, so like how he got his power from uniting a lot of the Northeast Asian nomadic tribes?
He was buried in an unmarked grave somewhere in Mongolia.|Yeah exactly, do you know where he was buried? I'm sure he has a big statue in his honor or something memorable.|He was buried in an unmarked grave somewhere in Mongolia.||I have no clue but when he died he was buried in an unmarked graved somewhere in Mongolia.
Before Genghis Khan died he assigned Ögedei Khan as his successor.|wow, so no one knows where it is|I'm not sure, but he had a successor named gedei Khan before Genghis Khan died.||No, but before he died he assigned Ogedei Khan as his successor.
Skiing has a history of almost five millennia.|I'm a fairly accomplished alpine skiier.|Ah, that's nice. Skiing has a history of almost 5 millennia.|Are you really? I love skiing, like downhill skiing. I would go every year to ski. Skiing is been around for 5 millennia|Wow, that's awesome! Are you aware of skiing history? It's been around for almost 5,000 years.
Early skiers used one long pole or spear.|I've been skiing since I was very young, but no, I didn't know that. What else do you know about skiing history?|Well, I also know that early skiers used one long spear or pole.|Do you use long skis and poles? I do. Skiers a long time ago would use one pole haha|So, early on, skiers would just just one long pole, or a spear.
The first depiction of a skier with two ski poles dates to 1741.|Ah, I see. When did they start using two poles?|The first depiction of a skier with two ski poles dates to 1741.|Yeah thats what I think most use. Ive seen people with stubby short skis and no poles before. The first skier who used two poles was back in 1741|Well, the first depiction of such a skier was in 1741.
On one leg the skier wore a long straight non-arching ski for sliding and on the other a shorter ski for kicking.|Oh, interesting. What about the skis, what were they like?|I'm not sure, but the skier wore a straight non-arching ski for sliding.|Cool I didnt know that! Ive seen where people have also used one long non arching ski on one foot and a shorter ski on the other. Im not sure how that works though.|Well, they'd use one long ski on one leg and a shorter ski on the other.
A ski is a narrow strip of semi-rigid material worn underfoot to glide over snow.|That sounds ridiculous. Either way, skiing is really a lot of fun. Nothing like finding some fresh powder.|I see, well, a ski is a strip of semi-rigid material worn underfoot to glide over snow.|Ha yeah! Until you lose your skiis in the woods! Haha|Nice. About the skis, they apparently are semi-rigid.
Elvis Aaron Presley (January 8, 1935 – August 16, 1977) was an American singer, musician, and actor.|I remember as a child listening to Elvis Presley sing. What a voice that man had!|He was also a musician and actor.|Indeed! He was an awesome singer, musician and actor!|Oh, really? I know that he was an actor in addition to a singer.
Elvis Aaron Presley (January 8, 1935 – August 16, 1977) was an American singer, musician, and actor.|Very talented man. I also remember the day he died - I was at work as a server in a pub and the news came over the radio. Very sad.|That's too bad. Did you know Elvis Presley died in 1977?|Yes, August 16th, 1977 was a very sad day for many people, especially his fans.|That would have been back in 1977, when he died.
Elvis Aaron Presley (January 8, 1935 – August 16, 1977) was an American singer, musician, and actor.|Sure was. I wonder what he'd have been like today if he hadn't got into drugs and stuff. Any idea when he was born?|I'm not sure, but he was born on January 8, 1935.|He was born on January 8, 1935. Long time ago haha|He was born on January 8, 1935.
Regarded as one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century, he is often referred to as the ''King of Rock and Roll'' or simply ''the King''.|Gosh, only three days after my Mom, the very same year. A long time ago, though she'd dispute that, lol! He was huge back in the day.|He's considered one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century.|He will never be forgotten as the King of Rock and Roll, or just the King|He was among the most significant cultural figures in the 20th century.
Archery is the sport, practice or skill of using a bow to propel arrows.|I am thinking of picking up archery.|Oh, that's nice. Archery is the skill, practice or sport of using a bow to propel arrows.|is that the sport where you use a bowl to propel arrows at a target ?|Oh, that's where a bow is used to move an arrow right?
A composite bow is a traditional bow made from horn, wood, and sinew laminated together, cf., laminated bow.|It is. Are there different types of archery bows?|I'm not sure, but they are made from horn, wood, and sinew.|well the compsite bows are the traditional bows that are made from horn, wood and sinew laminated together.|I'm not sure about different types but there is the composite bow, its a traditional one crafted from horn, sinew, and wood laminated together.
The oldest signs of its use in Europe come from the in the north of Hamburg, Germany and dates from the late Paleolithic, about 10,000–9000 BC.|Oh I see Would you happen to know how long ago Archery dates back to?|It dates back to about 10,000 to 9000 BC.|the oldest signs of its use in Europe come from the north of hamburg, germany and dates from about 10,000-9,000 B.C.|The oldest signs of its use in Europe comes from the north of Hamburg, Germany and dates back about 10,000-9,000 BC.
In modern times, it is mainly a competitive sport and recreational activity.|That is an incredibly long time ago. Do people compete in archery against each other for sport?|I'm not sure, but archery is a recreational and competitive sport in modern times.|yea its mainly a competivite sport and recreational activity|Yes, it's mainly a competitive sport and recreational activity.
Historically, archery has been used for hunting and combat.|It looks relaxing but Im sure it is very hard to master? Do people still use archery to hunt?|I'm not sure, but archery has been used for combat and hunting.|yes and historically it has been used for hunting and combat|I don't know about now but historically it was used for fighting and hunting.
Waterfowl hunting (also called wildfowling or waterfowl shooting in the UK) is the practice of hunting ducks, geese, or other waterfowl for food and sport.|What do you know about waterfowl hunting?|Well, I know that waterfowl hunting is the practice of hunting ducks, geese, or other waterfowl for food and sport.|It's a sport, especially a UK thing.People go  hunting  for ducks, geese, or other waterfowl for food and sport.|It is where animals like ducks, geese, and other waterfowls are hunted for sport and food.
In many western countries, commercial waterfowl hunting is prohibited, and duck hunting is primarily an outdoor sporting activity.|What kind of gear do you need?|I don't have any gear, but I know that in many western countries duck hunting is not allowed.|Anything comfortable, it's usually done allowed in places like USA but its an outdoor activity|That I do not know but you may be interested to know that its actually prohibited to waterfowl hunt commercially. Duck hunting is mainly a outdoor sport activity.
Many types of ducks and geese share the same habitat, have overlapping or identical hunting seasons, and are hunted using the same methods.|I see, well for the places that can hunt them, are there specific locations for each type?|I'm not sure, but a lot of ducks and geese share the same habitat, have overlapping or identical hunting seasons, and are hunted using the same methods.|It is done using conventional hunting methods, so I think a dog might help|No, actually a lot of ducks and geese have the same habitat and hunting season, and they can be hunted down with the same methods.
Waterfowl can be hunted in crop fields where they feed, or, more frequently, on or near bodies of water such as rivers, lakes, ponds, swamps, sloughs, or oceanic coastlines.|It seems like it'd be tricky at first|Waterfowl can be hunted in crop fields where they feed.|The easiest hunt would be waterfowl, so they are hunted where they eat their food and near water, river or pond|I'm not sure about the difficulty but if you wished to know where waterfowls are, they can be found in places they eat like crop fields or by bodies of water like a pond or lake.
Hunting with shotguns began in the 17th century with the matchlock shotgun.|What time do you generally go waterfowl hunting?|I'm a bot, so I can't hunt. I know that hunting with shotguns began in the 17th century.|The hunting is done with Shotguns and have started many years ago.So daytime would be best|I'm unable to give you a hunting time but can tell you that the use of shotguns for hunting them started in the 1600s.
Guns N' Roses, often abbreviated as GNR, is an American hard rock band from Los Angeles, California, formed in 1985.|I love Guns N' Roses!|Oh, nice! Did you know they're from Los Angeles?|Me too its abbreviated GNR|Awesome! Did you know they formed in 1985?
Guns N' Roses' debut album, ''Appetite for Destruction'' (1987), reached number one on the ''Billboard'' 200 a year after its release, on the strength of ''Sweet Child o' Mine'', the band's only single to reach number one on the ''Billboard'' Hot 100.|That was a while ago. I wonder what their first song was?|I'm not sure, but their debut album, "Appetite for Destruction" was released in 1987.|Oh it was Appetite for Destruction, killer tune! 1987|I don't know their first song, but their first album was Appetite for Destruction in 1987.
Guns N' Roses' debut album, ''Appetite for Destruction'' (1987), reached number one on the ''Billboard'' 200 a year after its release, on the strength of ''Sweet Child o' Mine'', the band's only single to reach number one on the ''Billboard'' Hot 100.|I think I'll check it out! Was it received well?|I'm not sure, but their debut album, "Appetite for Destruction" was released in 1987.|Yes it was a hit that reched number one|Yes, it was a hit that reached number one.
Guns N' Roses has released six studio albums, accumulating sales of more than 100 million records worldwide, including 45 million in the United States, making them the 41st best-selling artist of all time.|Not surprised. GNR had crazy talent!|I see, did you know they have over 100 million records worldwide?|100 million records world wide!|All told, GNR has sold over 100 million records around the world!
Genghis Khan or Chinggis Khaan (born Temüjin, c. 1162 August 18, 1227), was the Great Khan and founder of the Mongol Empire, which became the largest contiguous empire in history after his death.|I love history, I wish I knew more about Genghis Khan, he seems very interesting.|He was the Great Khan and founder of the Mongol Empire.|Yes it is. Do you know much about  the Great Khan and founder of the Mongol Empire, which became the largest contiguous empire in history after his death.|I know a few facts about him. He was the founder of the Mongol Empire, and did you know that after his death it became history's largest contiguous empire?
He came to power by uniting many of the nomadic tribes of Northeast Asia.|No! How did he start his empire?|I'm not sure, but he united many tribes of Northeast Asia.|Very interesting, his strategy was by uniting all the  nomadic tribes of  Northeast Asia|He united several of the nomadic tribes in Northeast Asia.
After founding the Empire and being proclaimed ''Genghis Khan'', he launched the Mongol invasions that conquered most of Eurasia.|Did he ever attacked China ?|I'm not sure, but he founded the Empire and was proclaimed Genghis Khan.|Of course, to become the greatest in the region  he launched the Mongol invasions that conquered most of Eurasia.|I don't know about China specifically, but he conquered most of Eurasia.
His descendants extended the Mongol Empire across most of Eurasia by conquering or creating vassal states in all of modern-day China, Korea, the Caucasus, Central Asia, and substantial portions of Eastern Europe and Southwest Asia.|HOw far to the east did he went, Europe ?|I'm not sure, but he was part of a large part of Europe and Southwest Asia.|His invasions reached modern-day China, Korea, the Caucasus, Central Asia, and substantial portions of Eastern Europe and Southwest Asia.|His decedents expanded the empire into what is now Eastern Europe.
Guns N' Roses, often abbreviated as GNR, is an American hard rock band from Los Angeles, California, formed in 1985.|Hey! ever heard of GNR or Guns N Roses!?|I have not but I know they're from Los Angeles.|Guns N' Roses a.k.a GNR are my best American rock band|I know that they're an American hard rock band.
The success of the debut was followed by the eight-song album ''G N' R Lies'' (1988) which reached number two on the ''Billboard'' 200.|OH really!? thats awesome. What is your favorite song?|I'm a bot, so I don't have favorites. I know of the album G N' R Lies, which was an eight-song album.|Interestingly they had eight-song album ''G N' R Lies'' (1988) which reached number two on the ''Billboard'' 200.|I don't have any favorites, but I know how their second album had 8 songs and hit #2 on the Billboard 200.
The twin albums ''Use Your Illusion I'' and ''Use Your Illusion II'' (1991) debuted at number two and number one on the ''Billboard'' 200 respectively and have sold a combined 35 million copies worldwide, including 14 million units in the United States.|Oh forreal? That's awesome, do you know anything else about their albums? I've listened to a lot but seems to not know a lot.|Yes, they've sold over 35 million copies worldwide, including 14 million units in the US.|More so,They had twin albums ''Use Your Illusion I'' and ''Use Your Illusion II'' (1991)|Well, did you know they had twin albums? "Use Your Illusion" 1 and 2 in 1991!
Guns N' Roses has released six studio albums, accumulating sales of more than 100 million records worldwide, including 45 million in the United States, making them the 41st best-selling artist of all time.|Yeah I heard about those. Never listened tho|They have sold over 100 million records worldwide.|Also,they million records worldwide, including 45 million in the United States.|I see, did you hear how they have sold over 100 million records around the world with 45 million of it from the US?
Michael Joseph Jackson (August 29, 1958 – June 25, 2009) was an American singer, songwriter, and dancer.|WOW! that's insane|Yeah, he was also a singer, dancer, and songwriter.|Any great pop singer is was an American singer, songwriter, and dancer.|Yeah, also have you heard of Michael Jackson? He was an dancer, singer and songwriter.
Instagram is a mobile, desktop, and Internet-based photo-sharing application and service that allows users to share pictures and videos either publicly, or privately to pre-approved followers.|I use instagram a lot. I think it's a good way to see what friends are up to.|Oh, cool! Did you know Instagram is a photo sharing application?|is that the internet based photo-sharing app that allows users to share pictures and videos either publicly or privately to followers ?|Is that the internet based photo-sharing app that allows users to share pictures and videos either publicly or privately to followers?
It was created by Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger, and launched in October 2010 as a free mobile app exclusively for the iOS operating system.|Yes it is. Do you know when it was created?|Yes, it was created by Mike Krieger and Kevin Systrom.|It was created in October of 2010 by Kevin systrom and Mike Krieger and it originally launced exclusively for the iOS operating system|It was created in October of 2010 by Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger, and it originally launched exclusively for the iOS operating system.
It is owned by Facebook.|What company bought it? I know they sold but I don't know who bought it and for how much.|I'm not sure, but Facebook owns it.|Instagram is owned by Facebook|Instagram is owned by Facebook.
The app has evolved from originally focusing on person-to-person photo sharing to presently featuring ''Stories'' of 24-hour chronological content, along with ''Discover'' to let brands show ad-supported short-form entertainment.|Is that why Facebook and Instagram stole snapchat's ''Story'' feature?|I'm not sure, but it has evolved from focusing on person-to-person photo sharing to currently featuring ''Stories'' of 24-hour chronological content.|yes snapchat featred the ''Stories'' of 24 hour chronological content, along with ''discover'' to let brtands show ad-supported short-form entertainment|I don't know, but at some point the Snapchat evolved to "Stories" of 24-hour chronological content, and to "Discover", which lets brands show short-form, ad-supported content.
Snapchat has become notable for representing a new, mobile-first direction for social media, and places significant emphasis on users interacting with virtual stickers and augmented reality objects.|Ah, that was very smart on Snapchats end. I'm sure they make a lot of money off that.|I'm not sure, but they have become notable for their mobile-first direction.|they have become notable for reporsenting a new mobile first direction for social media, which places a significant emphasis on users interacting with virtual stickers and augmented reality objects.|They have become notable for representing a new mobile-first direction for social media, which places a significant emphasis on users interacting with virtual stickers and augmented reality objects.
Dylan's Candy Bar is a chain of boutique candy shops and candy supplier currently located in New York City; East Hampton, New York; Los Angeles, Chicago and Miami Beach, as well as in wholesale venues around the globe.|I've never heard of dylan's candy bar have you?|I know that he's a chain of boutique candy shops and candy suppliers.||Yes, Dylan's Candy Bar is a chain of candy stores In several major cities
It is owned by Dylan Lauren, daughter of fashion designer Ralph Lauren.|and what is it made of though?|It's owned by Dylan Lauren, daughter of Ralph Lauren.|Its not a candy bar that is the name of a chain of candy stores owned by Dylan Lauren, Ralph Laurens daughter|I don't have the facts for that but the store is owned by Dylan Lauren, Ralph Lauren's daughter.
Dylan's Candy Bar is a chain of boutique candy shops and candy supplier currently located in New York City; East Hampton, New York; Los Angeles, Chicago and Miami Beach, as well as in wholesale venues around the globe.|oh okay I'm sorry!! I misread. How many cities is it in?|I'm not sure, but it's currently in New York City, East Hampton, New York, and Los Angeles.|Located in Miami Beach, Los Angeles. Chicago, Miami, New York, East Hampton|It is located in Miami Beach, Los Angeles, Chicago, Miami, New York, and East Hampton.
It stocks 7,000 candies from around the world.|oh wow so they are all away from me  I live in Texas|That's nice. They stock 7,000 candies from around the world.|Dylan's Candy Bar stocks over 7000 candies from around the world!|I see, would you find it interesting to know that they have thousands of candies from the world?
Accounting, which has been called the ''language of business'', measures the results of an organization's economic activities and conveys this information to a variety of users, including investors, creditors, management, and regulators.|I need to learn more about accounting|It measures the results of an organization's economic activities.||Well, accounting is called the ''language of business'' and it measures the results of a company's economic activities.
Financial accounting focuses on the reporting of an organization's financial information, including the preparation of financial statements, to external users of the information, such as investors, regulators and suppliers; and management accounting focuses on the measurement, analysis and reporting of information for internal use by management.|What is the hardest thing about it|I'm not sure, but financial accounting focuses on the reporting of financial information to external users of the information, such as investors, regulators and suppliers.|It's a lot of data. Financial accounting focuses on all aspects of a company's financial info. It deals with preparation of financial statements and analysis.|I am not sure if I can answer that, however, I know that Financial accounting focuses on things like reporting of the financial information of a organization for example.
Accounting can be divided into several fields including financial accounting, management accounting, external auditing, tax accounting and cost accounting.|that makes sense, what else do you know?|Well, I also know that accounting can be divided into several fields, like financial accounting, management accounting, and more.|Are you thinking about becoming an accountant? There are many types including financial, management, tax, cost and external accounting.|Are you thinking about becoming an accountant? There are many fields including financial, management, tax, cost and external auditing
Accountants who have demonstrated competency through their professional associations' certification exams are certified to use titles such as Chartered Accountant, Chartered Certified Accountant or Certified Public Accountant.|I have considered going to school for it yes|I see, did you know that those who have demonstrated competency through their certification exams are certified to use titles such as Chartered Accountant?|That would be good! To be licensed, you'll have to complete a certification exam, so make sure you study!|Well, so let me tell you this important fact already, if you demonstrate competency through certification exams, you will be certifies to use several accounting titles
The modern field was established by the Italian mathematician Luca Pacioli in 1494.|I will keep that in mind when I decide!|The modern field was established by the Italian mathematician in 1494.|It's a great field! Accounting has been around since 1494 when Luca Pacioli established accounting. At least you know you will always be needed!|Great, have you ever heard of Luca Pacioli ? He established the modern field in 1484
The Goldendoodle is a cross-breed dog, which is obtained by breeding a Golden Retriever with a Poodle.|I was looking at adopting a goldendoodle. Can you tell me anything about them?|Well, I know that they are cross-bred dogs.|well  The Goldendoodle is a cross-breed dog!|Well, the Goldendoodle is a cross-breed dog.
The name, which alters ''poodle'' to ''doodle'' by analogy to ''Labradoodle'', was coined in 1992.|Which breeds are crossed? Is one a poodle?|I'm not sure, but the name of poodle is changed to "doodle" by analogy to "Labradoodle".|the name  alters ''poodle'' to ''doodle'' by analogy to ''Labradoodle'', was coined in 1992|I don't have that information but the name was coined in 1992 as an analogy to "Labradoodle".
The Goldendoodle was first bred by Monica Dickens in 1969.|Oh ok. It is a cute name. I was hoping to get one that is a puppy.|Oh, that's nice. The Goldendoodle was first bred by Monica Dickens in 1969.|it was first bred by Monica Dickens in 1969|I see, well another thing about them was that Monica Dickens first bred them in 1969.
Popularity for the goldendoodle grew in the 1990s when breeders in North America and Australia began crossing Golden Retrievers with Standard Poodles.|She must have had a lot of experience to come up with such a novel cross-breed.|Yes, the popularity of the goldendoodle grew in the 1990s.|well  Popularity for the goldendoodle grew in the 1990s so not that long ago|I can't say although the goldendoodle popularity grew in the 1990s through North American and Australian breeders crossing Standard Poodles and Golden Retrievers.
The original purpose of the cross was to develop guide dogs suitable for visually impaired individuals with allergies.|They are becoming all the rage these days. In fact they are getting hard to find because they are in high demand.|I see, did you know the cross originally was to develop guide dogs?|The original purpose of the cross was to develop guide dogs  orso i have heard|Interesting, did you know that their original purpose was to be guide dogs for the visually impaired?
Ireland (; ; Ulster-Scots: ) is an island in the North Atlantic.|Have you ever been to Ireland|I have not but I know that it's an island in the North Atlantic.||No, I haven't been there - I understand that Ireland is an island in the North Atlantic.
Ireland is the third-largest island in Europe.|I didn't realize that Ireland was Island|I don't know about that but I know it's the 3rd largest island in Europe.||It is indeed an island!  And it is the third-largest island in Europe!
The island has lush vegetation, a product of its mild but changeable climate which is free of extremes in temperature.|what else do you know about it|It has a mild but changeable climate, which is free of extremes in temperature.||Well, I know that Ireland has lush vegetation due to its mild but changeable climate
Thick woodlands covered the island until the Middle Ages.|what is the weather like?|I'm not sure, but the island was covered by a lot of woodlands until the Middle Ages.|The weather in Ireland is free of extremes in temperature.  Until the middle ages Ireland was covered by thick woodlands|Unclear on that but I can share that Ireland had thick woodlands till the Middle ages.
Green is the color between blue and yellow on the visible spectrum.|Do you like the color green?|I'm a bot, so I can't see colors. I know that green is between yellow and blue on the visible spectrum.|You mean the color between blue and yellow, yes! Love it!|As a bot, I can't see colors, but I can tell you it's between yellow and blue on the spectrum of visible light.
Many creatures have adapted to their green environments by taking on a green hue themselves as camouflage.|I also like blue due to it being the color of the sky.|That's nice. Many creatures have adapted to their green environments by taking on a green hue as a camouflage.|I still prefer green. It's the color of nature. Lots of animals have adapted to their green environments.|That's nice. As for green, many animals have adapted a green color as a natural camouflage.
Several minerals have a green color, including the emerald, which is colored green by its chromium content.|Yeah, green is all over nature.|Yes, the emerald is green because of its chromium content.|Emerald green is by far my favorite green emerald, Emeralds actually get their color of green by its chromium content|There are also minerals that are green, like emeralds. Did you know they get their green color from chromium?
In the Middle Ages and Renaissance, green was the color commonly associated with merchants, bankers and the gentry, while red was reserved for the nobility.|No, I didn't, neat! I like green because of St. Patrick's day.|That's nice. Green was the color associated with merchants, bankers, and the gentry during the Middle Ages.|Since the middle ages green is the color of money. It's has always been associated with merchants and bankers.|Oh, that's interesting. Green was associated with merchants, bankers and gentry back in the Middle Ages and the Renaissance.
Emeralds, like all colored gemstones, are graded using four basic parameters–the four ''C''s of connoisseurship: ''color'', ''clarity,'' ''cut'' and ''carat weight''.|I did not know that. What else do you know about emeralds.|Well, I also know that emeralds are graded using four basic parameters.|I know like diamonds emeralds are graded using the four C's.|I know that they are graded using the four "C" system that all colored gemstones use.
Game design creates goals, rules and challenges to define a board game, card game, dice game, casino game, role-playing game, sport, video game, war game or simulation that produces desirable interactions among its participants and, possibly, spectators.|how long have you been designing games?|I haven't, but I know that game design creates goals, challenges and rules for a board game, card game, casino game, role-playing game, sport, video game, war game or simulation.|I personally haven't designed any games but have taken classes about games, I like it because there are rules and roles that everyone has to adhere to and it gives you any kind of element you want to work with.|The truth is that I have never designed any games, I am only a bot. Anyway, since you brought this subject up, let me tell you that game design create goals, challenges, and rules to define various kinds of games
A high school diploma is a North American academic school leaving qualification awarded upon high school graduation.|I really thought you had a game design diploma.|I'm a bot, so I can't get a game. I know that a high school diploma is a North American academic school that is awarded upon graduation.|I took classes in high school before getting my diploma.|That is not the case, now speaking of diploma, did you graduate high school and receive your high school diploma ?
The most common undergraduate degree is the bachelor's degree, although in some countries lower qualifications are titled degrees (e.g.|Yes I did, and now I want to get an undergraduate degree|That's nice. Did you know that the most common undergraduate is the bachelor's degree?|not so much drawing but learning to code. most Game designers have bachelor degrees.|Cool, are you going to get a bachelor's degree? This is the most common undergraduate degree
Video game development is the process of creating a video game.|Yes, I want a bachelor's degree in video game development|Oh, that's nice. Do you do video game development? It's the process of creating a video game.|Yes, I would like to get my bachelors and then do something with game development, it would be cool to work on a game start to finish over the couple year period it takes to make a game.|That is nice, I know that video game development is actually the process of creating video games
Traditional commercial PC and console games are normally funded by a publisher, and can take several years to reach completion.|do you game personally?  console or PC?|I'm a bot, so I can't play console games. I know that console games are usually funded by a publisher.|I am much more in to PC games but growing up I played console games.|I am a bot so the answer is no,  but speaking of PC an console games, did you know that they can take up to several years to be completed ?
A paramedic is a healthcare professional, predominantly in the pre-hospital and out-of-hospital environment, and working mainly as part of emergency medical services (EMS), such as on an ambulance.|Hi, I am studying to be a Paramedic. Can you help me?|I can't help you out, being a bot, but I know that paramedics are healthcare professionals.|Thats cool, you are preparing to be a  healthcare professional, predominantly in the pre-hospital and out-of-hospital environment|That's cool, you are preparing to be a healthcare professional, predominantly in the pre-hospital and out-of-hospital environment.
The scope of practice of a paramedic will vary between countries, but generally includes autonomous decision making around the emergency care of patients.|Yes but I am afraid it might be stressful. Do you think so?|I'm a bot, so I can't do that. I know that the scope of practice of paramedics can vary between countries.|he scope of practice of a paramedic differs for  countries,|I don't really know. The scope of a paramedic's job varies, though it usually involves autonomous decision making regarding patients' emergency care.
In some countries 'Paramedic' is a protected title and accountable to a professional regulatory body.|I see, how may paramedic are there in the U.S?|I'm not sure, but in some countries paramedic is a protected title.|In most countries, the profession is a protected title and accountable to a professional regulatory body|I don't know. However, in some countries the title 'Paramedic' is restricted to those who are accountable to some regulatory body.
The paramedic role is closely related to other healthcare positions, especially the emergency medical technician role, with paramedics often being a higher grade role, with more responsibility and autonomy.|I can see why, it is a very qualified job. What else do you know about this?|Well, I also know that paramedics are often a higher grade role.|It is very closely related to other healthcare positions, especially the emergency medical technician role|It is very closely related to other healthcare positions, especially the emergency medical technician role.
Archery is the sport, practice or skill of using a bow to propel arrows.|I love Archery|Interesting, did you know that archery involves using a bow to propel arrows?||Interesting. I hear that you use a bow to propel arrows in the sport of archery.
However, making a composite bow requires more varieties of material than a self bow, its construction takes much more time, and the finished bow is more sensitive to moisture.|Oh yes, it is very good for hunting|I see, did you know that making a bow is more complicated than a self bow?|I hear composite bows take a long time to make, but they are strong and good for hunting|Apparently a composite bow takes more time to make than a self bow, and is more sensitive to moisture. Are you familiar with composite bows?
It shoots arrow-like projectiles called bolts or quarrels.|I do not know much about their making. What more iinformation do you have about the bow|I know that they shoot arrow-like projectiles called bolts or quarrels.|I know there's a thing called a crossbow that shoots bolts and quarrels|I know there's a thing called a crossbow that shoots bolts and quarrels.
The earliest crossbows in the world were invented in ancient China and caused a major shift in the role of projectile weaponry.|How does those things work|I'm not sure, but the earliest crossbows were invented in ancient China.|Very similar to a bow and arrow set. The earliest crossbows were found in China|I don't really know, however, they were invented in China.
Guns N' Roses, often abbreviated as GNR, is an American hard rock band from Los Angeles, California, formed in 1985.|Are you a fan of Guns N' Roses?|I'm a bot, so I can't listen to music. I know they're from Los Angeles, California.||Not really a big fan. Are you? They are an American hard rock band originally from California.
Guns N' Roses, often abbreviated as GNR, is an American hard rock band from Los Angeles, California, formed in 1985.|I'm not really a fan either. When did they form?|They formed in 1985.|They formed in 1985, from Los Angeles!|They formed in 1985, and the band is from Los Angeles!
The lineup, when first signed to Geffen Records in 1986, consisted of vocalist Axl Rose, lead guitarist Slash, rhythm guitarist Izzy Stradlin, bassist Duff McKagan, and drummer Steven Adler.|Interesting, for some reason I thought they had been around since the 60s or 70s.|Yeah, they were first signed to Geffen Records in 1986.||They actually first signed in 1986 to Geffen Records!
Guns N' Roses' debut album, ''Appetite for Destruction'' (1987), reached number one on the ''Billboard'' 200 a year after its release, on the strength of ''Sweet Child o' Mine'', the band's only single to reach number one on the ''Billboard'' Hot 100.|What song are they most famous for?|I'm not sure, but their debut album, "Appetite for Destruction" came out in 1987.|Their debut album reached number one on the Billboard, with their famous song of Sweet Child o' Mine!|I don't really know the song they are most famous for, although I do know that Sweet child o' Mine is the band's only single to get to number one on the Hot 100 of "Billboard"
Slash has since released three solo albums: ''Slash'' (2010), featuring an array of famous guest musicians, and ''Apocalyptic Love'' (2012) and ''World on Fire'' (2014), recorded with his band, Myles Kennedy and the Conspirators.|That's a decent song. Are they still making music?|I'm not sure, but they have released three solo albums.||I'm not sure, but Slash from the band has released three solo albums, one in 2014.
Typical garnishes include mustard, ketchup, onions, mayonnaise, relish, coleslaw, cheese, chili, olives, and sauerkraut.|Hey! Do you like hot dogs? I feel like they're an American classic.|I'm a bot, so I can't eat. I know there are a variety of garnishes, like mustard, onions, and more.|I LOVE hot dogs with mayonnaise, chili, onions and cheese|I can't eat since I'm a bot. What do you like on your hot dog. There are several toppings to choose from, like ketchup, mustard, onions, and other things.
Street foods, ready-to-eat food or drink sold in a street or other public place, such as a market or fair, by a hawker or vendor, often from a portable stall, have variations within both regions and cultures.|Classic combo. I like mine with relish. In New York they sell them at nearly every street corner.|That's nice. Street foods are sold by vendors, like hawkers, or from a portable stall.|No, not in NY, but LA has great Street Food hot dogs.  They're grilled and wrapped with bacon|So, would these be street food, like from a portable stall?
Street food is ready-to-eat food or drink sold by a hawker, or vendor, in a street or other public place, such as at a market or fair.|Yeah, you just buy them on the street corner.|I see, do you also like street food sold by a vendor or hawker?|In Atlanta they had a kiosk for Street Food that had special foot long buns that were U shaped.  They were awesome|Awesome. Do these hawkers also sell drinks at their stalls?
Street foods, ready-to-eat food or drink sold in a street or other public place, such as a market or fair, by a hawker or vendor, often from a portable stall, have variations within both regions and cultures.|They sure do.|I see, do you like street food from a vendor or a hawker?|No, what is a Pickle Dog?  New kind of Street Food?|It seems street food can vary between regions and cultures.
Street foods, ready-to-eat food or drink sold in a street or other public place, such as a market or fair, by a hawker or vendor, often from a portable stall, have variations within both regions and cultures.|Yeah, that makes sense.|Street foods, which are ready-to-eat food or drink that are sold in a street or other public place, such as a fair or market, have variations within both regions and cultures.|I've totally missed it and Street Food is kinda my hobby|Yep, they sure can vary between cultures. They can also be found at markets and fairs.
Nickelback is a Canadian rock band formed in 1995 in Hanna, Alberta, Canada.|Nickelback are a band that have become somewhat of a meme in recent years.|I see, did you know they formed in 1995?|The Canadian rock band, really? how so? I 've hear their music but don't know much else about them|Oh, really? I just know they're a Canadian rock band.
''Billboard'' ranks them the most successful rock group of the decade; their song ''How You Remind Me'' was listed as the best-selling rock song of the decade and the fourth best-selling of the decade.|They make solid music, but their marketing has led them to be laughed at. Not quite sure how it happened, but a lot of people poke fun at them.|They are the most successful rock group of the decade.|Dad, I really liked their song ''How you remind me'' that was listed as best selling song of the decade, what about you?|Well, Billboard considers them the decade's most successful rock group. How You Remind Me is the decade's best-selling rock song.
The band achieved commercial success with the release of their 2000 album ''The State'' and then they achieved mainstream success with the release of their 2001 album ''Silver Side Up''.|I'm not the biggest fan. I have heard a variety of their biggest hits though. I think ''Rockstar'' is one.|They achieved commercial success with the release of their 2000 album ''The State'' and then mainstream success with the release of their 2001 album ''Silver Side Up''.|Sorry it was sad nor dad before. I still listen to the album ''silver side up'' in my ipod once in a while|Ah, OK. They hit the mainstream with Silver Side Up in 2001.
Apple Music is a music and video streaming service developed by Apple Inc. Users select music to stream to their device on-demand, or they can listen to existing, curated playlists.|I need to check that one out. Have they made any music recently?|I'm not sure, but they are a music and video streaming service developed by Apple Inc.|I;am not sure,  haven;t heard recently,  I have to check in apple music|I'm not sure. Have you ever used the music service Apple Music, by any chance?
iTunes Radio was an Internet radio service by Apple Inc. that let users listen to automatically generated playlists based on direct input as well as collected data on music preferences.|A bit, but I use iTunes Radio more.|Oh, that's nice. Did you know it was an Internet radio service by Apple?|Yes, another band recently rediscovered by me in itunes radio was Matchbox 20|Ah, yeah, OK. That service uses automatically generated playlists.
Gymnastics is a sport practiced by men and women that requires balance, strength, flexibility, agility, coordination, endurance and control.|My favorite hobby is amateur gymnastics, its really healthy and fun! Have you tried it?|I have not but I know that it requires balance, strength, agility, coordination, and endurance.|I wish I could do gymnastics! I know the sport requires flexibility, balance, agility, strength, coordination, control and endurance. I have ZERO flexibility! lol|I'm a bot, so I can't do gymnastics, but I know it requires balance, flexibility, agility, and other things to do.
Competitive artistic gymnastics is the best known of the gymnastic events.|Ah, I see. I'm not as good as the competitive athletes, but I like it.|I see, do you also like competitive artistic gymnastics? It's the best known of the gymnastic events.|Have you ever been involved in competitive artistic gymnastics which is the best known of events? And by the way, I would need MORE than chalk! lol|It seems competitive artistic gymnastics is the most well-known of the events. Have you ever done any of that?
It typically involves the women's events of vault, uneven bars, balance beam and floor exercise.|I have never, but i like to watch, the best event in the usa is held in Salt Lake City, Utah, the event is called 2018 American Classic, its Women Gymnastics|Oh, that's nice. Do you like to watch vaults, uneven bars, balance beams, and floor exercise?|Cool! What even is your favorite? Do you like the vault, uneven bars, beam or the floor exercise?|Cool! What event is your favorite? Do you like the vault, uneven bars, beam or the floor exercise?
Other FIG disciplines include rhythmic gymnastics, trampolining and tumbling, acrobatic gymnastics and aerobic gymnastics.|I like all disciplines, i am looking forward to 2018 World Championships, witch are held in Qatar|Oh, that's nice. Do you like rhythmic gymnastics, trampolining, tumbling, or aerobic gymnastics?||Have you ever tried rhythmic gymnastics, trampolining and tumbling or any other FIG disciplines?
Elvis Aaron Presley (January 8, 1935 – August 16, 1977) was an American singer, musician, and actor.|Hey! I enjoy Elvis music, do you like his music?|I'm a bot, so I can't listen to music. I know of Elvis Presley, who was an American singer, actor, and musician.|Yes, I love to listen his music. He was not just a singer, he was an actor too.|I can't listen to music, since I'm a bot, but I understand he was an actor as well as a singer.
His music career began there in 1954, recording at Sun Records with producer Sam Phillips, who wanted to bring the sound of African American music to a wider audience.|Oh, I didn't know that! Do you know any movies he acted in?|I don't know but he started his career there in 1954.|Have you heard of Jailhouse Rock 1957? Elvis's career as a singer  began there in 1954.|I don't know about his movies, but his singing career began in 1954 at Sun Records.
''Jailhouse Rock'' is a song written by Jerry Leiber and Mike Stoller that first became a hit for Elvis Presley.|Oh, what are some of his songs?|I'm not sure, but it was written by Mike Stoller and Jerry Leiber.|Yes, but he also have a song Jailhouse Rock, it was a very big hit for Elvis.|One song is Jailhouse Rock.
Presley's first RCA single, ''Heartbreak Hotel'', was released in January 1956 and became a number one hit in the United States.|Oh I have heard that song before. My favorite song by Elvis has to be Hound Dog.|Oh, that's nice. Elvis' first RCA single was "Heartbreak Hotel".|I love that song too, also ''Heartbreak Hotel'', this song was released in 1956 and it was number one hit in the United States.|Ah, well, his first hit was Heartbreak Hotel, which came out in 1956 and went number 1.
A paramedic is a healthcare professional, predominantly in the pre-hospital and out-of-hospital environment, and working mainly as part of emergency medical services (EMS), such as on an ambulance.|I admire paramedics so much. They are vital to our medical care.|I see, do you work as part of emergency medical services?|Yes I feel grateful for all of the EMS workers who work on an ambulance. They must see some crazy things.|Thanks for sharing your opinion, now I can tell you more facts abour paramedics. Did you know that they work mainly as a part of emergency medical services ?
The scope of practice of a paramedic will vary between countries, but generally includes autonomous decision making around the emergency care of patients.|Yes,  I wanted to be a paramedic but felt I would struggle to maintain the level of calm they have to.|Oh, that's nice. I know that the scope of practice of paramedics can vary between countries.|Yes and the quick decision making with the emergency care of patients.|Well, but as far as I know the scope of practice of paramedics vary between countries. Were you aware of that ?
The scope of the role varies widely across the world, having originally developed as a paraprofession in the United States during the 1970s.|I didn't know that, but I think they are the difference between life and death for many patients|I don't know about that but the role varies a lot across the world.||It actually started as a paraprofession in the United States in the 1970s!
Since this time, in countries such as the United Kingdom, the paramedic role has developed into an autonomous health profession, with individual licence to practice, whilst in other countries (including the United States) the paramedic remains an agent working on behalf of a doctor.|Oh that's interesting. Do you know much else about the history of paramedics?|I know that in the UK, the paramedic role has become an autonomous health profession.|Well in the United Kingdom, the paramedic is now a health profession that requires an individual license to practice medicine.|I do know some more facts, for example, in the UK paramedics are autonomous health professionals
Paramedics are increasingly being utilized in emergency rooms by providing patient care in collaboration with physicians, physician assistants, nurse practitioners, registered nurses, registered practical nurses and registered respiratory therapists.|I think it's important to hold a seperate license for it as it's a very specific branch of medicine that involves a higher degree of intuitive thinking.|I don't know about that but paramedics are increasingly being used in emergency rooms.|Paramedics in Canada are now being utilized in emergency rooms too.|Would you say you have intuitive thinking? If you ever become a paramedic you could be utilized in emergency rooms as well
Green is the color between blue and yellow on the visible spectrum.|Out of all of the colors of the rainbow I think Green is my favorite|That's nice. Green is between yellow and blue on the visible spectrum.|Green is such a great color and it is between blue and yellow.|Oh, that's nice to know. Did you know it's between yellow and blue on the light spectrum?
It is evoked by light which has a dominant wavelength of roughly 495570 nm.|Yes, do you know if it's considered a warm color?|I'm not sure, but it's evoked by light, which has a dominant wavelength of 495570 nm.|Yeah, and I also know that it has a dominant wavelength of between 495-570 nm.|I do not, but I do know that its dominant wavelength is about 495570 nm.
It is evoked by light which has a dominant wavelength of roughly 495570 nm.|Oh really? As in sound?|I'm not sure, but it has a dominant wavelength of 495570 nm.|No as in the wavelength of the color compared to other colors from appearance. Or at least the dominant wavelength.|No, that's the dominant wavelength of the light, not of sound.
In subtractive color systems, used in painting and color printing, it is created by a combination of yellow and blue, or yellow and cyan; in the RGB color model, used on television and computer screens, it is one of the additive primary colors, along with red and blue, which are mixed in different combinations to create all other colors.|Ah I have never heard that about colors. What else can you tell me about green?|Well, I also know that in subtractive color systems, it is created by a combination of yellow and blue, or yellow and cyan, or yellow and cyan.||In the RGB system it is a mixture of cyan and yellow.
Skiing can be a means of transport, a recreational activity or a competitive winter sport in which the participant uses skis to glide on snow.|skiing looks hard.|Oh, that's nice. Skiing can be a sport for the participants to use skis to glide on snow.|It really does, even as a form of transport or recreation.|Is that so? I know that it can be us as a form of transportation as well as recreation.
Skiing can be a means of transport, a recreational activity or a competitive winter sport in which the participant uses skis to glide on snow.|oh yea it seems dangerous too.|I see, do you use skis to glide on snow?|It can be if you don't ski properly either as recreation or transport.|I see. It can also be a competitive sport as well.
Skiing can be a means of transport, a recreational activity or a competitive winter sport in which the participant uses skis to glide on snow.|Yeah, that's true.|Skiing can be a means of transport, a recreational activity, or a competitive winter sport in which the participant uses skis to glide on snow.|If I had to choose though, I'd prefer to skii recreationally instead of for transport.|That's in addition to being a form of transport or recreation.
Skiing can be a means of transport, a recreational activity or a competitive winter sport in which the participant uses skis to glide on snow.|OK. How does one ski, anyway?|I'm not sure, but skiing can be a means of transport, a recreational activity, or a competitive winter sport.||To ski you basically use skis to glide on the snow.
Skiing can be a means of transport, a recreational activity or a competitive winter sport in which the participant uses skis to glide on snow.|yea seems easy but it isnt|I see, do you use skis to glide on snow?|I know, gliding on the snow in skis seems easier than it actually is.|It isn't? I just know that it involves gliding on the snow.
Chihuahuas come in a wide variety of colors, and two coat lengths.|I love little dogs! One of my favorite breeds are chihuahuas. Have you ever owned one?|No, I'm a bot, so I can't own pets. I know they come in a wide variety of colors and two coat lengths.|No but i have a neighbor that have three of them and they are of variety of colors|No, I only know some facts about them, for example, I know that chihuahuas come in two coat lengths
Both folklore and archaeological finds show that the breed originated in Mexico.|What colors are they?|I'm not sure, but both folklore and archaeological finds show that the breed originated in Mexico.|I could not recollect it. I am not very good with colors. But i learnt he bought it in Mexico which is where the breed originated|I don't have this information about them, other facts I know about chihuahuas include the fact that the breed actually originated in mexico
The most common theory is that Chihuahuas are descended from the ''Techichi'', a companion dog favored by the Toltec civilization in Mexico.|Oh yea I've definitely heard that for sure! I wonder when they started coming over to the US.|I'm not sure, but the most common theory is that Chihuahuas are from the "Techichi", which is a companion dog favored by the Toltec civilization in Mexico.|Do you know the  ''Techichi''. I learnt that is where the Chihuahuas  descended from. I do not know how true this is|Do you know the ''Techichi''. I learnt that it is where the Chihuahuas descended from. I do not know how true that is
The Aztec people were certain ethnic groups of central Mexico, particularly those groups who spoke the Nahuatl language and who dominated large parts of Mesoamerica from the 14th to the 16th centuries.|I don't know that but I did read though they go all the way back to the Aztec civilization!!|Yes, the Aztec people were ethnic groups of central Mexico.||I have read a lot about the  Aztec people. They were from the central Mexico and their language is Nahuatl language
The Toltec culture is an archaeological Mesoamerican culture that dominated a state centered in Tula, Hidalgo, Mexico in the early post-classic period of Mesoamerican chronology (ca.|I meant to say the Toltec civilization, my mistake! But yes the Aztecs are very, very interesting. I didn't know that was the name of their language though!|I see, did you know that the Toltec culture was centered in Tula, Mexico?|Well that archaeological Mesoamerican culture is part of Mexico too and also in Tula and Hidalgo|Speakinf of the toltec culture, I know that it is an archaeological mesoamerican culture
Neurosurgery, or neurological surgery is the medical specialty concerned with the prevention, diagnosis, surgical treatment, and rehabilitation of disorders which affect any portion of the nervous system including the brain, spinal cord, peripheral nerves, and extra-cranial cerebrovascular system.|I've always been interested in neurosurgery. The brain is so important.|Oh, that's nice. It's the specialty of the nervous system, which is the prevention, diagnosis, and treatment of disorders.|It is a very intense medical specialty of how it can affect the nervous system so it must be hard.|Are you interested in the other portions of the nervous systems besides the brain as well? Neurosurgery is also concerned with the spinal cord, peripheral nerves, and any other portion of said system
In the United States, a neurosurgeon must generally complete four years of undergraduate education, four years of medical school, and seven years of residency (PGY-1-7).|Yes, I am interested in all of it, how does one become a neurosurgeon ?|I'm not sure, but in the US, a neurosurgeon must complete four years of undergraduate education, four years of medical school, and seven years of residency.|I am not sure, but I know that in the US neurosurgeons have to complete undergraduate, then four years of medical school, and then seven years of residency. Pretty crazy!|Well, I have information about neurosurgeons in the US, they need to complete undergraduate, then 4 years of medical school, and then 7 years of residency
Most, but not all, residency programs have some component of basic science or clinical research.|Wow! That is a lot of school!|Yes, but not all residency programs have some basic science or clinical research component.|Yeah it is! And the residencies themselves consist of clinic research sometimes.|Not only school, there is some component of clinical research in most residency programs
Neurosurgeons may pursue additional training in the form of a fellowship, after residency or in some cases, as a senior resident.|I wonder how long the clinicals last|I'm not sure, but neurosurgeons can pursue additional training in the form of a fellowship, after residency, or in some cases as a senior resident.|Well it would be the seven years that they would have to complete. They can also seek additional training and that's called a fellowship.|I am not sure about the clinicals, what I can tell you is that after residency, some can even pursue additional training, a fellowship
Bowling is a sport or leisure activity in which a player rolls or throws a bowling ball towards a target.|My friends really like to bowl, but I've never joined them because I don't know how to play. Do you like to bowl?|I'm a bot, so I can't bowl. I know that it's a sport or a leisure activity where a player rolls or throws a bowling ball towards a target.|I love bowling!  Bowling is a sport or leisure activity|Well, I can tell you then that the sport or leisure activity of bowling involves throwing a ball towards a target.
In pin bowling variations, the target is usually to knock over pins at the end of a lane.|What is the object of the game?|I'm not sure, but the target is usually knocking over pins at the end of a lane.||i think the target is usually to knock over pins at the end of a lane
A strike is when all the pins are knocked down on the first roll, whereas a spare is when all the pins are knocked over on the second shot.|I guess whoever knocks down the most pins wins? I've heard them talking about spares and strikes. What are they?|I'm not sure, but a strike is when all the pins are knocked down on the first roll, while a spare is when all the pins are knocked over on the second shot.|well A strike is when all the pins are knocked down on the first roll|Well, I can't confirm how the game is won, but I do know that a strike happens when you  knock down every pin on the first roll
Three consecutive strikes is a known as a ''turkey''.|Wow, that would be tough! How long has bowling been around?|I'm not sure, but three consecutive strikes are called a "turkey".|for many years . Three  strikes is a ''turkey''.|I don't have this information, other things I know about bowling include the fact that 3 consecutive strikes is know as "Turkey"
There are a number of universities in Queensland, Australia, all with distinct academic dress.|I know a few girls that cheerlead at my college. They are beautiful and really friendly!|Cool! There are a number of universities in Queensland, Australia, that have distinct academic dress.||Many universities in Australia have distinctive clothes.
It can range from chanting slogans to intense physical activity.|Cheerleading|Cheerleading can range from chanting slogans to intense physical activity.||Cheerleading includes activities such as chanting mottoes and very intense physical activity.
Cheerleading originated in the United States, and remains predominantly in America, with an estimated 1.5 million participants in all-star cheerleading.|Cool, do you know how common cheerleading is in australia?|Yes, it originated in the US and is mostly in America.|Cheerleading started in the US. It's mostly an American sport.|I couldn't say. It started in America, and is still predominantly an American activity.
The annual competition, which started in 2006, is modeled after U.S. competitive cheerleading competitions.|Interesting. Do they have cheerleading competitions?|I'm not sure, but the annual competition started in 2006 and is modeled after the US competitive cheerleading competitions.||The first National Cheerleading Competition was held in 2006.
The novels chronicle the life of a young wizard, Harry Potter, and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley, all of whom are students at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.|I love to read harry potter books|Oh, cool! Did you know that Harry Potter was a young wizard?|I never read the books they was so huge but I seen all the movies of the young wizard I loved them.|Oh, yeah? You like reading about Harry Potter and his friends at Hogwarts?
The series is distributed by Warner Bros. and consists of eight fantasy films, beginning with ''Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone'' (2001) and culminating with ''Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 2'' (2011).|Yes, and the movies are very good, too. Who distributed them?|Warner Bros. distributed them.|I liked Harry Potter and the Dealthy Hallows I saw that one first before actually watching them in order what is your favorite?|They were distributed by Warner Bros. What is your favorite?
The following are notable teachers and staff members who do not have their own articles or who are not listed in other articles.|I would have to say Deathly Hallows.|I see, did you know that there are teachers who do not have their own articles?|I loved the school of Hogwarts it was so different and the teachers and staff made the movie great as well I wish they come out with more.|Ah, cool. I guess there are some notable teachers and staff who didn't get their own articles.
The franchise has expanded to include comic books, short films, television series, and digital series.|Uh, OK. Well, I hope they keep making more films and books! Meanwhile, I'm getting into the Marvel universe.|Cool, did you know that the franchise has expanded to include comic books, short films, television series, and digital series?|Me to but for now I am into Marvels really heavy now do you watch any of the series on television or read the books?|Ah, those are now on several media, like comic books, TV series, short films, and digital series.
Dylan's Candy Bar is a chain of boutique candy shops and candy supplier currently located in New York City; East Hampton, New York; Los Angeles, Chicago and Miami Beach, as well as in wholesale venues around the globe.|Do you like Dylan's candy bar?|I'm a bot, so I can't eat. I know that he's currently in New York City, New York, and in wholesale locations around the world.|I love Dylan's Candy Bar, a chain boutique candy shop located in the U.S.  Let me tell you more about it!|I can't eat, due to being a bot, but I'm aware of the existence of this chain of candy shops.
Lauren was inspired to create the store, which is asserted to be the ''largest unique candy store in the world'', by the Roald Dahl story of ''Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory''.|What kinds of things do they make?|I'm not sure, but they are the ''largest unique candy store in the world''.|They claim to be the largest unique candy store in the world, which was inspired by Roald Dahl's story of the Willy Wonka Chocolate Factory.|I don't know, but it's been claimed that they're the largest candy store on the planet. The creator was inspired by Ronald Dahl's Willy Wonka story.
It is owned by Dylan Lauren, daughter of fashion designer Ralph Lauren.|Interesting. Where are they located?|I'm not sure, but it's owned by Dylan Lauren, daughter of Ralph Lauren.|They have shops in New York City, Los Angeles, Chicago and Mami.  The owner is Dylan Lauren, daughter of the famous designer Ralph Lauren.|I'm not sure, but the owner is the daughter of Ralph Lauren, Dylan Lauren.
Dylan's Candy Bar has also partnered with Holt Renfrew in Vancouver, British Columbia in a co-branding effort.|Oh, I wasn't aware of that connection. I bet her dad has really helped her out!|I'm not sure, but she's also partnered with Holt Renfrew in Vancouver, British Columbia.|I'm sure it helps to have connections - Dylan's Candy Bar also partnered with Holt Renfrew before in Canada on a co-branding effort.  I'm sure Holt Renfrew paid some respects to her father as well.|I couldn't say, but she did partner with Holt Renfrew for co-branding.
Holt, Renfrew & Co., Limited, commonly known as Holt Renfrew or Holt's, is a chain of high-end Canadian department stores specializing in an array of luxury brands and designer boutiques.|I see. Who is Holt Renfrew?|Holt Renfrew is a chain of high-end Canadian department stores.||Holt Renfrew is a chain of high-end Canadian department stores that sell an array of luxury brands.
His first novel, ''A Time to Kill,'' was published in June 1989, four years after he began writing it.|Have you ever read anything by John Grisham?|No, I'm a bot and can't read. I know his first novel was called Time to Kill.|Yes, I have read his very first novel ''A Time to Kill'' which was published in June 1989 after he took four years to write it!|No, I can't read because I'm a bot, however, I know it was published in 1989 and took him four years to write.
He practiced criminal law for about a decade and served in the House of Representatives in Mississippi from January 1984 to September 1990.|I haven't read anything by him but I remember the movies for both a time to kill and the firm.|He's been criminal law for about a decade.|I'm not surprised that he writes crime novels since he practiced criminal law for about a decade|He actually practiced criminal law for about 10 years.
Grisham's first bestseller, ''The Firm'', sold more than seven million copies.|Yeah that is true, they say you should write about what you know about.|Well, Grisham's first bestseller, "The Firm", sold over 7 million copies.|It certainly does pay to write about what you know about since his first bestseller, ''The Firm'', sold more than seven million copies!|Well, The Firm, his first bestseller, sold over seven million copies.
He has been nominated for three Academy Awards and has won three Golden Globe Awards.|And even became a movie starring Tom Cruise!|Cool! He has won three Golden Globes and has been nominated for three Academy Awards.|Ah, yes...Tom Cruise!  So handsome! He's been nominated for three Academy Awards and has won three Golden Globe Awards!|Speaking of Tom Cruise, he won three Golden Globe Awards and was nominated for three Academy Awards.
Neurosurgery is often colloquially referred to as ''brain surgery''.|I once thought about becoming a neurosurgen, but you probably have to go to school for a long time.|I see, did you know neurosurgery is often referred to as brain surgery?|Yes, being a neurosurgeon, or aka a brain surgeon, does require many, many years of education.|Oh, really? I do know that neurosurgeons are also called brain surgeons.
Neurosurgery, or neurological surgery is the medical specialty concerned with the prevention, diagnosis, surgical treatment, and rehabilitation of disorders which affect any portion of the nervous system including the brain, spinal cord, peripheral nerves, and extra-cranial cerebrovascular system.|Being a neurosurgeon also seems like a very stressful job that not everyone could do!|I see, did you know that neurosurgery is the medical specialty that is concerned with the prevention, diagnosis, and treatment of disorders?|Oh, for sure! One has to know how to prevent, treat, diagnosis and help rehabilitate disorders of the nervous system. Which includes brain, peripheral nerves and spinal cord.|Well, a neurosurgeon has to be able to deal with disorders involving all parts of the nervous system.
In most countries, neurosurgeon training requires a minimum period of seven years after graduating from medical school.|Oh wow! I can't imagine what people had to go through before brain surgery was invented! When was it invented, by the way?|I'm not sure, but in most countries, training for neurosurgeons requires a minimum of seven years after graduating from medical school.||I'm not sure, but you need at least seven years after graduating from med school of training.
In the United States, a neurosurgeon must generally complete four years of undergraduate education, four years of medical school, and seven years of residency (PGY-1-7).|Oh wow! I figured as much! That was the one major thing preventing me from going to school for it!|In the US, a neurosurgeon must complete four years of undergraduate education, four years of medical school, and seven years of residency.|I understand, here in the US, one has to do 4 years of unergrad education, 4 years of med school and 7 years for residency!|Ah, I see. In the US, neurosurgeons usually do 4 years of undergrad, 4 years of med school, and finally 7 years in residency.
Most, but not all, residency programs have some component of basic science or clinical research.|I sure hope we never have a shortage of brain surgeons! They do a very important job.|I see, did you know that most residency programs have some basic science component?|They do, and usually they have to learn some science or participate in clinical research for residency.|Interesting point. They usually have to do some science or clinical research while in residency, as well.
Dylan's Candy Bar is a chain of boutique candy shops and candy supplier currently located in New York City; East Hampton, New York; Los Angeles, Chicago and Miami Beach, as well as in wholesale venues around the globe.|I like Dylans bars do you?|I'm a bot, so I can't eat. I know they're currently in New York City, New York, and Los Angeles.|Yes Dylans Candy Bar is my favorite boutique candy store|I can't eat because I'm a bot. I am aware, though, that Dylan's Candy Bar operates a chain of candy shops.
It is owned by Dylan Lauren, daughter of fashion designer Ralph Lauren.|They have everything! i just love it|It's owned by Dylan Lauren, the daughter of Ralph Lauren.|Yes Ralph Laurens daughter Dylan  Lauren owns them|That's cool. Ralph Lauren's daughter Dylan Lauren owns them.
Founder Dylan Lauren was featured on the cover of the May 2011 ''Forbes'' magazine for inheriting her father's entrepreneurial genes.|How long have they been around?|I'm not sure, but the Founder was featured on the cover of the magazine for inheriting her father's entrepreneurial genes.||Since 2011 and Dylan Lauren was on the cover of Forbes magazine
It stocks 7,000 candies from around the world.|That is really cool!|It has 7,000 candies from around the world.|She has over 7000 candies from all over the world|She has over 7000 candies from all over the world.
Guns N' Roses, often abbreviated as GNR, is an American hard rock band from Los Angeles, California, formed in 1985.|Hi. Omg, i REALLY love Guns N' Roses! Best band ever.|Oh, nice! Did you know they're from Los Angeles?|Yeah, GNR  from Los Angeles, California, formed in 1985.|Cool, their name is abbreviated to GNR. Also have you been a fan of them since their forming in 1985?
Guns N' Roses' debut album, ''Appetite for Destruction'' (1987), reached number one on the ''Billboard'' 200 a year after its release, on the strength of ''Sweet Child o' Mine'', the band's only single to reach number one on the ''Billboard'' Hot 100.|I've been their fan for ages. Shadow of your love is my favorite song. What is your favorite song?|I'm a bot, so I don't have favorites. I know their debut album, "Appetite for Destruction" came out in 1987.|''Appetite for Destruction'' was my favorite album|No particular song but are you a fan of their "Sweet Child o'Mine" song? It hit the top spot on the Billboard Hot 100.
Guns N' Roses' debut album, ''Appetite for Destruction'' (1987), reached number one on the ''Billboard'' 200 a year after its release, on the strength of ''Sweet Child o' Mine'', the band's only single to reach number one on the ''Billboard'' Hot 100.|Yeah, it is actually one of my favorite songs from them. I don't really remember what album it was from though.|I'm not sure, but their debut album, "Appetite for Destruction" came out in 1987.|Yeah!  Long time ago.  Sweet Child o' Mine came out on that album.|It was their debut album, "Appetite for Destruction".
The album has sold approximately 30 million copies worldwide, including 18 million units in the United States, making it the best-selling debut album of all time in the US, as well as the eleventh best-selling album in the United States.|Oh thanks, do you know how well that album did as well?|It has sold around 30 million copies worldwide, including 18 million units in the US.|You know that album sold 30 million copies!|That album sold about 30 million copies around the world!
The album has sold approximately 30 million copies worldwide, including 18 million units in the United States, making it the best-selling debut album of all time in the US, as well as the eleventh best-selling album in the United States.|Really? That's insane! I didn't know that|Yeah, and it's sold around 30 million copies worldwide, including 18 million units in the US.|Best selling album of all time n the US!|Yeah, it was also the US' best selling debut album of all time.
It is one of the major forms of throwing sports.|I love to bowl, but what is the games history, I wonder?|I'm not sure, but it's one of the major throwing sports.|It's one of the major forms of throwing sports, so I'm sure the history is rich with details. I guess it might depend on the type of bowling you're talking about.|I'm not sure about history, but it is a major throwing sport.
The pin version of bowling is often played on a flat wooden or other synthetic surface (which can be oiled in different patterns for different techniques), while in target bowling, the surface may be grass, gravel or a synthetic surface.|Oh, really? Isn't there more than one type of bowling?|I'm not sure, but the pin version is often played on a flat wooden or synthetic surface.|There is pin bowling which you're probably familiar with. There is also target bowling, where the rolling surface could be grass or gravel!|Yes, there's pin bowling, which takes place on a wood or synthetic surface, and there's target bowling which can be done on grass or gravel.
In target variations, the aim is usually to get the ball as close to a mark as possible.|Oh, I couldn't imagine playing on gravel, it would be so hard to aim!|I see, well in target variations, the aim is usually to get the ball as close to a mark as possible.|In target bowling the aim is usually just to get the ball as close to a mark as possible. It would be pretty tough to roll accurately on gravel!|Well, for target bowling, the goal is to get as close to a target as possible.
The most common types of pin bowling include ten-pin, nine-pin, candlepin, duckpin and five-pin bowling, while in target bowling, bowls, skittles, kegel, bocce, carpet bowls, pétanque, and boules, both indoor and outdoor varieties are popular.|Oh, that would be a lot easier than what I was thinking, haha. I'm a little more familiar with pin bowling.|The most common types of pin bowling are ten-pin, nine-pin, duckpin, and five-pin bowling.|I prefer traditional pin bowling, though I sometimes mix it up with ten-pin, or maybe candlepin. There are so many variations of pin bowling!|There are actually several types of pin bowling, like nine- or ten-pin, candlestick, duckpin or five-pin.
Practitioners of accounting are known as accountants.|Hey there do you like numbers and math?|I'm a bot, so I can't read. I know accountants are known as accountants.|Hello! Nice to meet you! I'm not a fan of math, I could never be an accountant!|No, I'm a bot, so don't have such feelings. But I do know that people who do accounting are called accountants.
Originally aimed at preadolescent females, Hello Kitty's market has broadened to include adult consumers, being found on a variety of products ranging from school supplies to fashion accessories.|Oh. Well, what do you know about Hello Kitty?|Hello Kitty was originally aimed at preadolescent females.|I would turn everything into Hello Kitty! Even as an adult, I love her!|Well, it was originally aimed at little girls, but adults are now a market for them as well.
''Growing Up With Hello Kitty'' is a DVD production, currently available in two volumes, featuring Hello Kitty and her twin sister Mimmy as they learn life lessons.|Neat! Have they ever put out any DVDs?|I'm not sure, but I know that it's a DVD production.|I believe I'd be able to do some math if I was watching ''Growing Up With Hello Kitty'' on TV!|Yes, "Growing Up With Hello Kitty" came out as a two-volume DVD production.
''Hello Kitty'' is a song by Canadian singer-songwriter Avril Lavigne, taken from her self-titled fifth studio album, ''Avril Lavigne'' (2013).|I would like to hear a song about Hello Kitty, are there any?|Hello Kitty is a song by Avril Lavigne.|That's great! Have you heard the song, ''Hello Kitty''? It's by Avril Lavigne''|That's great! Have you heard the song, ''Hello Kitty''? It's by Avril Lavigne.
Hunting wildlife or feral animals is most commonly done by humans for food, recreation, to remove predators that are dangerous to humans or domestic animals, or for trade.|I don't hunt but my husband does. He hunts mainly deer and turkey. Do you hunt?|I'm a bot, so I can't hunt. I know that hunting wildlife or feral animals is done for recreation, food, or for trade.||I do not hunt, but most people who do hunt do it in order to get food, to get rid of predators, for trade or as a recreation.
Other motivations for vegetarianism are health-related, political, environmental, cultural, aesthetic, economic, or personal preference.|My husband does it for food. He doesn't like to buy chemical-laden meat, so he kills the animal/bird and freezes the meat. I'm vegetarian, so I don't partake in any of this!|I see, did you know that vegetarianism has health-related motivations?|How funny. I'm a vegetarian, too! People become vegetarian for health reasons, economic ones, preferences , cultural reasons and more. It is good that he eats the meat, to me that is different than people just doing it for fun.|I see, did you become a vegetarian for health purposes or something else such as culture or personal preference?
There are variations of the diet as well: an ovo-lacto vegetarian diet includes both eggs and dairy products, an ovo-vegetarian diet includes eggs but not dairy products, and a lacto-vegetarian diet includes dairy products but not eggs.|Personal preference, I wish he didn't hunt but it's his choice, he just has to do his own cooking. Is there anything else you wish to know?|Yes, there are variations of the diet, like ovo-lacto vegetarians, which includes both eggs and dairy products.|It is the same with my husband. He's not a hunter but he eats meat, but he does that himself. The kids are vegetarian, too. We do a ovo-lacto vegetarian diet so we do have dairy and eggs but no meat.|Are you particiipating in ovo-lacto diet, which has dairy and eggs? Or perhaps an ovo-vegetarian one which is the prior but without dairy.
For lacto vegetarianism, the earliest known type of vegetarianism (recorded in India), dairy products such as milk and cheese are permitted.|I'm ovo-lacto. I would like to try to be a vegan but I can't give up my cheese. Do you know what the first type of vegetarian was?|I'm not sure, but the earliest known type of vegetarianism is in India.|Yes, we have milk and cheese, too. I would also love to be vegan, but I know what I can manage. The kids do great with it. Since I raised them vegetarian, they couldn't even imagine eating meat.|Yes, recorded in India, lacto-vegetarianism was the first known type.
The most commonly given ethical objection to meat-eating is that, for most people living in the developed world, it is not necessary for survival or health; slaughtering animals solely because people enjoy the taste of meat is argued by some to be wrong and morally unjustifiable.|Neat, I have a niece that I wish to explain why vegetarianism is good, do you have any good reasons I can use?|I'm not sure, but I know that some argue that meat-eating is wrong and morally unjustifiable.|Good for her! In most developed countries, you don't need it for survival. There is so much food we can eat, even at restaurants.|Well, one of the objections is that most people in the developed world, they don't need meat for health or suurvival.
Bowling is a sport or leisure activity in which a player rolls or throws a bowling ball towards a target.|I almost bowled a 300 game a few days back. I was so close!|Oh, that's nice. Do you like to throw a bowling ball towards a target?||Do you enjoy bowling as a sport?
Ten-pin bowling is a sport in which a player (called a ''bowler'') rolls a bowling ball down a wood-structure or synthetic (polyurethane) lane and towards ten pins positioned at the end of the lane.|I do I play all the time! I go to a ally by my house.|Oh, neat! Do you like to bowl in a wood-structure or synthetic lane?|What do you think about ten-pin bowling?|So, are you playing ten-pin bowling, where you roll a ball down a lane to ten pins?
Duckpin bowling is a variation of 10-pin bowling.|Yes, I think it is the normal thing for bowling. Do you know what the ball is made of?|I don't know but duckpin bowling is a variation of 10-pin bowling.|Some kind of synthetic material.  Have you tried Duckpin bowling?|No, I don't. Have you ever heard of the variation on 10-pin called duckpin bowling?
They are thus significantly smaller than those used in ten-pin bowling but are slightly larger and heavier than those used in candlepin bowling.|I have never tried that, What is the object of that?|I'm not sure, but they are actually significantly smaller than ten-pin bowling.|It's a kind of bowling where the pins are shorter and smaller, thus more difficult to strike|I don't know the object, but the pins are smaller than in 10-pin, but a little larger than in candlepin bowling.
The modern field was established by the Italian mathematician Luca Pacioli in 1494.|Hi there! I'm an accountant - what do you do?|I'm a bot, so I can't work. I know that the modern field was established by the Italian mathematician in 1494.|I'm an engineer, but I know some about accounting myself, like how modern accounting was established in 1494.|I'm a bot but I know how modern accounting was established in 1494.
The terms ''accounting'' and ''financial reporting'' are often used as synonyms.|Haha, yeah exactly, it's an old and noble profession in my opinion. What else do you know about it?|Well, I also know that the term accounting and financial reporting are often used as synonyms.|I'm into computer engineering, so anything hardware and software related really. Also I know that ''accounting'' and ''financial reporting'' are used as synonyms, but are they any different?|Well, I know that "accounting" and "financial reporting" are typically used as synonyms. Is there any difference from your view?
Accounting can be divided into several fields including financial accounting, management accounting, external auditing, tax accounting and cost accounting.|Not really, although it depends who you ask sometimes.|I'm not sure, but accounting can be divided into several fields, like financial accounting, management accounting, and cost accounting.||That's fair enough. Accounting is also divided into many fields, like management accounting and financial accounting.
Accounting information systems are designed to support accounting functions and related activities.|Yes, that's true. Then there's similar fields, like book keeping|Yes, accounting information systems are designed to support accounting functions and related activities.|I always thought book keeping was pretty much the same. There's also accounting information systems that are designed to support functions that accountants do.|I see, there's also accounting information systems right? They support related accounting functions and activities.
Accounting can be divided into several fields including financial accounting, management accounting, external auditing, tax accounting and cost accounting.|Yes, they're very useful. Do you work on anything like that?|I'm a bot, so I can't work on anything. I know that accounting can be divided into several fields, like financial accounting, management accounting, and more.|Just a little bit of it on the side, really. What kind of accounting work do you do out of all the options like tax accounting and all that?|I'm not in that work area but what about you? Which field, tax accounting, costing accounting or others are you working in?
Regarded as one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century, he is often referred to as the ''King of Rock and Roll'' or simply ''the King''.|Elvis Presley is one of my favorite artists of all time|Cool, did you know he's considered one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century?|I loved Elvis!  It was so sad when he died! He really WAS the ''King of Rock and Roll''!|Is that so? He's considered among the most significant icons of 20th century culture.
Presley was born in Tupelo, Mississippi, and relocated to Memphis, Tennessee, with his family when he was 13 years old.|He really was. I was really sad when he died. Could you tell me when he was born?|He was born in Tupelo, Mississippi.|He was born on January 8, 1935 in Tupelo Mississippi!  I was born on January 8 as well!  We shared the same birthday!|I don't know when, but I know where he was born, in Tupelo Mississippi.
Presley's first RCA single, ''Heartbreak Hotel'', was released in January 1956 and became a number one hit in the United States.|Oh, OK. What else can you tell me about him?|Well, his first RCA single was "Heartbreak Hotel".|It was in January 1956 when Elvis released his first single!  It was called Heartbreak Hotel, and it was awesome!  It became the number one hit in the U.S.!|His first single on RCA was Heartbreak Hotel, which came out in 1956. It went to number one in the US.
It was written by Tommy Durden and Mae Boren Axton.|i love that single i could listen to it every day of the week|That's nice. It was written by Mae Boren Axton and Tommy Durden.|Me too!  Interestingly, it was written by  Mae Boren Axton and Tommy Durden.  Elvis sang it beautifully!|Well, two people named Mae Boren Axton and Tommy Durden wrote it.
Accompanied by guitarist Scotty Moore and bassist Bill Black, Presley was a pioneer of rockabilly, an uptempo, backbeat-driven fusion of country music and rhythm and blues.|I really liked the 2nd album he came out with me and my friends would listen to it every day|Cool, did you know that he pioneered rockabilly?|I actually have ALL his albums!  It's quite a collection!  I love the way he fuses together country music and rhythm and blues. It's amazing!|That's nice. He, his bassist, and his guitarist helped pioneer rockabilly.
Some strains of corn (taxonomized as ''Zea mays'') are cultivated specifically as popping corns.|do you like popcorn?|I'm a bot, so I can't eat. I know that some corn strains are cultivated as popping corns.|Love it.  Especially sweet popcorn.  Aparently some strains of corn are actually cultivated specially as popping corns.|I can't eat popcorn, being a bot, but were you aware that there are strains of corn specifically cultivated for popcorn?
Popping of the kernels was achieved by hand on the stovetop through the 19th century.|Yep. It's pretty great hearing the popping sound. How did people pop popcorn before the microwave?|I'm not sure, but the stovetop was used to plug the kernels by hand.|I agree with you.  Experts have found that the popping of the kernels happened by people as far back as the early 19th Century! So it not just a modern day food.|Through the 19th century, they would pop it on the stovetop by hand.
The dish consists of tortilla chips (or ''totopos'') covered with cheese or cheese-based sauce, and is often served as a snack.|That's cool. Nachos are also OK, but I like popcorn the best.|Oh, that's nice. Do you like to serve it as a snack?|True.  Nachos are ok i dont mind them covered in cheese as a snack the odd time but popcorn would always be my first choice.|Nachos are the tortilla chips covered in cheese, right?
The kernel ruptures and forcefully expands, allowing the contents to expand, cool, and finally set in a popcorn puff 20 to 50 times the size of the original kernel.|Yeah, that's it. Popcorn, though, seems to be the kids' favorite food. It's pretty impressive how the kernels pop.|Yeah, the kernel ruptures and forcefully expands, allowing the contents to expand, cool, and finally set in a popcorn puff 20 to 50 times the size of the original kernel.|Nothing better than curling up to watch a good film with your fav popcorn. After they pop they puff up to 50 times their original size.  I am now in the mood for a bag of popcorn!|They actually puff up to about 20 to 50 times the kernel's original size!
The Chihuahua () is the smallest breed of dog and is named after the state of Chihuahua in Mexico.|Chihuahua dogs are so cool, the Taco Bell dog was hilarious!|Oh, cool! Chihuahuas are the smallest breed of dog.|Chihuahuas are some of my least favorite dogs but I love all dogs. I just don't like how they are the smallest dog breed.|Those are the smallest of the dog breeds. Did you know there's a state in Mexico called Chihuahua?
Chihuahuas come in a wide variety of colors, and two coat lengths.|No, that's cool! They re pretty tiny. What is the largest breed?|I'm not sure, but they come in a wide variety of colors and two coat lengths.|Irish Wolfhounds are up there, but they don't range as much in colors or coat length like chihuahuas do.|I couldn't say. I am aware, though, that chihuahuas come in lots of colors, and in two different coat lengths.
The Chihuahua's history is convoluted, and there are many theories surrounding the origin of the breed.|I didn't know Chihuahuas had any breeds other than short haired!|I'm not sure, but the history of the Chihuahua is convoluted.|Neither did I! I also never knew how convoluted the history of them was.|It turns out the chihuahua has a pretty convoluted history.
The Chihuahua's history is convoluted, and there are many theories surrounding the origin of the breed.|Really? What is their history?|I'm not sure, but their history is convoluted. There are theories about the origins of the breed.||Well the origin of the breed is surrounded by many theories and mystery.
Both folklore and archaeological finds show that the breed originated in Mexico.|It sounds very mysterious!|Yes, both folklore and archaeological finds show that the breed originated in Mexico.|It is! The only real thing we know is that the breed originated in Mexico.|Cool! One thing that is agreed upon is that chihuahuas originated in Mexico.
American football, referred to as football in the United States and Canada, and also known as gridiron football or simply gridiron, is a team sport played by two teams of eleven players on a rectangular field with goalposts at each end.|I love watching the NFL. I'm anxious for the season to start, even though I think Houston (my team) will probably be terrible.|Oh, that's nice. Did you know that American football is also called gridiron football?|I don't know much about it just that its a team sport with eleven players but I always hope the Saints win!|Oh, really? Is this American football, the team sport with eleven players to a team?
Points are primarily scored by advancing the ball into the opposing team's end zone for a touchdown or kicking the ball through the opponent's goalposts for a field goal.|Eleven players on the field, yeah, but you can never count out the 12th man: the crowd! So what do you know about football?|Well, I know that points are primarily scored by advancing the ball into the end zone for a touchdown or kicking the ball through the opponent's goalposts for a field goal.|Yes and I know points are scored by getting the ball into the other teams endzone to touchdown then everyone cheers and drinks!|Well, I know that you score points by either advancing the ball to the opponent's endzone or kicking it through their goalposts.
The team with the most points at the end of a game wins.|A touchdown is the most exciting way to score, for sure.|I see, well the team with the most points wins.|Like most sports what ever team has the most points at the end wins!|Also, I know that the team that scores the most points wins the game.
The first match of American football was played on November 6, 1869, between two college teams, Rutgers and Princeton, under rules based on the association football rules of the time.|Right. Plus now that sports betting has been legalized, there are even more ways to enjoy football.|I see, did you know that the first American football match was played in 1869?|The first football game was played between college teams in 1869 so it has been popular a long time|Did you know the first match was played in 1869? It was between Rutgers and Princeton.
American football evolved in the United States, originating from the sports of association football and rugby football.|Yeah that's true. I don't much care for college football though. Pro play is where all the best talent is!|I see, did you know American football evolved in the US?||American football originates from football and rugby
Harry Potter is a series of fantasy novels written by British author J. K. Rowling.|Did you ever get into harry potter? I did not but I was told I look like harry potter very often!|I'm a bot, so I can't read. I know that J. K Rowling wrote the series of fantasy novels.|I did read a couple of the fantasy novels written by British author JK Rowling. I enjoyed the movies as well.|Really? That's interesting. I can't read, being a bot, but I know J. K. Rowling wrote the novels.
It is an extension of the wizarding world from the ''Harry Potter'' film series, and it was produced and written by J. K. Rowling in her screenwriting debut, and inspired by her 2001 book of the same name.|My girlfriend is obsessed with them, she even likes the new Fantastic Beasts movies.|Cool, did you know that it was made by J. K Rowling?|Yes, I thought it was good as well. It is an extension of the wizarding world from the Harry Potter series.|Oh, those are an extension of the world from the Harry Potter series. It was J. K. Rowling's screenwriting debut.
They have attracted a wide adult audience as well as younger readers, and are often considered cornerstones of modern young adult literature.|I liked it because of all the different animals, I am in love with animals, and the ones they made were so unique!|Interesting, did you know that they have attracted a wide adult audience as well as a younger reader?|Harry Potter has attracted a wide adult audience, as well as younger readers. If you go to Universal you will see whole families dressed up!|Harry Potter hasn't just attracted younger readers, it also has a wide audience of adults.
, the books have sold more than 500 million copies worldwide, making them the best-selling book series in history, and have been translated into seventy-three languages.|I know everyone was young when everyone was into it, it was huge when I was young, like all the rage|That's great! They've sold over 500 million copies worldwide!|The books have sold 500 million copies worldwide, making it the best-selling book series in history. Wow that is impressive!|Well, did you know that more than half a billion of the books have been sold worldwide?
''Hound Dog'' is a twelve-bar blues song written by Jerry Leiber and Mike Stoller.|I like to listen to Elvis! Have you heard him?|No, I'm a bot, so I can't listen to music. I know of "Hound Dog", which is a blues song written by Mike Stoller and Jerry Leiber.|Yeah my favorite song of his is ''Hound Dog'' written by Jerry Leiber.|I have not, have you ever heard about Hound Dog, the song written by Mike Stoller and Jerry Leiber ?
His music career began there in 1954, recording at Sun Records with producer Sam Phillips, who wanted to bring the sound of African American music to a wider audience.|Yes, I love that song! I really like his version of ''My Way''|Cool! He started his career there in 1954.||Elvis started his music career in 1954 recording at Sun Records with producer Sam Phillips.
Presley's first RCA single, ''Heartbreak Hotel'', was released in January 1956 and became a number one hit in the United States.|Yeah! In reality he didn't have too long of a career. Its a shame he died young.|He was the first RCA single to be released in 1956.||His first RCA single was ''Heartbreak Hotel'' released in 1956 and became a number one hit in the US.
With a series of successful network television appearances and chart-topping records, he became the leading figure of the newly popular sound of rock and roll.|Right, he became popular pretty quickly! When did he die?|I'm not sure, but he was the leading rock and roll rock star with a series of television appearances and chart-topping records.|Some think he died August 16, 1977 but I think he is still alive. He helped pioneer the popular sound of rock and roll.|I am not sure about this information, what I am sure about it the fact that he once was the leading figure of rock and roll
With a series of successful network television appearances and chart-topping records, he became the leading figure of the newly popular sound of rock and roll.|Is he in the rock and roll hall of fame?|I'm not sure, but he's been on the network television and chart-topping records.|There would be no hall of fame without Elvis, lol. He also starred in successful television appearances.|I also don't know anything about the hall of fame, all I know is that he had successful TV appearances
Elvis Aaron Presley (January 8, 1935 – August 16, 1977) was an American singer, musician, and actor.|My mother met Elvis.|Oh, that's nice. Did you know he was an actor, singer, and musician?|Really> Elvis was very talented he sang, was an actor and musician, tell me more about it!|Wow! He was an actor as well as a singer.
Regarded as one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century, he is often referred to as the ''King of Rock and Roll'' or simply ''the King''.|That's true. It was before I was born, but she told me about it.|That's interesting. He's considered one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century.|I have always heard of Elvis as the King of Rock! He was an icon|That's cool! He was one of the biggest cultural icons from the 20th century.
Presley was born in Tupelo, Mississippi, and relocated to Memphis, Tennessee, with his family when he was 13 years old.|Yes. I have seen a few of his movies.|He was born in Tupelo, Mississippi.|He was born an hour from my place in Tupelo, Ms|He was born in Tupelo, Mississippi, were you aware of that?
Presley's first RCA single, ''Heartbreak Hotel'', was released in January 1956 and became a number one hit in the United States.|No, I've never been to Tupelo.|Oh, that's nice. Did you know his first RCA single was called "Heartbreak Hotel"?|Hearbreak Hotel his first single hit #1 in 1956|Ah, OK. Well, Heartbreak Hotel was his first single with RCA, and it went number one in the US.
With a series of successful network television appearances and chart-topping records, he became the leading figure of the newly popular sound of rock and roll.|I love that song.|Cool, did you know that he was the leading rock and roll rock star with a series of television appearances?|All those chart topping records made Elvis the leading figure in rock and roll|All those chart-topping records made Elvis the leading figure in rock and roll.
Bowling is a sport or leisure activity in which a player rolls or throws a bowling ball towards a target.|I want to learn more about bowling. I am supposed to go this weekend with friends.|Oh, that's nice. It's a sport where you throw a bowling ball towards a target.||well it is considered a sport or a leisure activity where a player rolls a ball towards a target
The maximum score is 300, which is achieved by getting 12 strikes in a row.|That sounds fun. Bowling does not sound too strenuous.|I see, well the maximum score is 300, and 12 strikes in a row are achieved.|the max score is 300, where you can achieve this by getting 12 strikes in a row|The max score is 300, and you can achieve this by getting 12 strikes in a row
The most common types of pin bowling include ten-pin, nine-pin, candlepin, duckpin and five-pin bowling, while in target bowling, bowls, skittles, kegel, bocce, carpet bowls, pétanque, and boules, both indoor and outdoor varieties are popular.|Is bowling team-based or individual?|I'm not sure, but I know that the most common types of pin bowling are ten-pin, nine-pin, duckpin, and five-pin.|you can play in teams or an individual in games such as ten-pin, nine-pin, candlepin, and five-pin bowling, which can happen indoor or outdoor.|I am not sure if you can play bowling in teams, I know that there are different types, such as ten-pin bowling, duckpin and candlepin
The pin version of bowling is often played on a flat wooden or other synthetic surface (which can be oiled in different patterns for different techniques), while in target bowling, the surface may be grass, gravel or a synthetic surface.|Oh wow. I didnt realize there were that many variations. I think it will be fun.|I don't know about that but the pin version is often played on a wooden or synthetic surface.|yea the pin versions of bowling is often played on a flat wooden or other synthetic surface is the most played|Will you play in a flat wooden or some other synthetic surface ?
The modern field was established by the Italian mathematician Luca Pacioli in 1494.|I work as an accountant. Have you ever needed to hire an accountant?|No, I'm a bot, so I can't work. I know that the modern field was established by the Italian mathematician in 1494.|no but i can tell you the modern field was established by an italian mathematician namedluca pacioli in the 1400s|No, but I can tell you that the modern field was established by an Italian mathematician named Luca Pacioli in the 1400s.
Accounting or accountancy is the measurement, processing, and communication of financial information about economic entities such as businesses and corporations.|Wow, I had no idea they've been around so long. I've only been working for a few months since I finished school. Do you know what kind of things they do?|I don't know but accounting is the measurement, processing, and communication of financial information about economic entities such as corporations and businesses.|they measure process and communicate financial information about economic entities like business and corporations. a good field for people who love math|They do things like measure processes and communicate on financial information of businesses and corporations.
The terms ''accounting'' and ''financial reporting'' are often used as synonyms.|Sounds good, I'm just book keeping at the moment. Some of my colleagues say we're financial reporting, is that the same as accounting?|I'm not sure, but the term accounting is often used as a synonym.|well  you can use the phrase financial reporter as accountant synonymously and you can get away with it!|Yes, the words "financial reporting" and "accounting" are used as synonyms.
Accounting can be divided into several fields including financial accounting, management accounting, external auditing, tax accounting and cost accounting.|Cool thanks for the info, I want to go into a special field later on, do you happen to know any specific ones I can research?|I know that accounting can be divided into several fields, like financial accounting, management accounting, and cost accounting.|accounts can be divided into several fields like financial accounting management accounting external auditing tax accounting and cost accounting, so think about which of these fields youd like best and plan your college track around them.|Fields for accounting can be things like financial accounting, external auditing, and cost accounting to name some.
Hunting is the practice of killing or trapping animals, or pursuing or tracking them with the intent of doing so.|A lot of people hunt in the area that I live, but I never really got into it myself.|Ah, that's cool. Do you hunt animals with the intent of trapping them?|It can be fun to set up traps and track down your prey.|I see, do they hunt by killing the animals or trap them?
Hunting wildlife or feral animals is most commonly done by humans for food, recreation, to remove predators that are dangerous to humans or domestic animals, or for trade.|Hunting them to kill, I believe a bunch of the animals they go for are pests. I don't know if there's any other reason.|I'm not sure, but wildlife or feral animals are most commonly hunted for food, recreation, or for trade.|I do it because I live out in the middle of nowhere, so I need food. Others might do it just for fun, or to trade.|Well, other possible reasons is for food, or remove dangerous predators, or even for trade.
Hunting wildlife or feral animals is most commonly done by humans for food, recreation, to remove predators that are dangerous to humans or domestic animals, or for trade.|I bet hunting goes VERY far back! I imagine it was a huge part of our evolution.|I'm not sure, but hunting wildlife or feral animals is done for recreation, food, or for trade.|Yeah, Indians also used to hunt for food, and trade.|I can't say but hunting another reason for hunting feral animals or wildlife is for recreation.
However, excessive hunting has also heavily contributed to the endangerment, extirpation and extinction of many animals.|Hunting must have been much harder before the invention of guns and bows!|I see, did you know that excessive hunting has also contributed to the extinction, extirpation and endangerment of many animals?|I agree, but so much excessive hunting has also led to the extinction of many animals.|I don't know about that but over hunting has led to the extinction of a lot of animals.
Hunting can also be a means of pest control.|I can imagine! We need to be careful what we hunt. Isn't hunting beneficial for some species though?|I'm not sure, but hunting can also be used to control pests.|It can be beneficial when there are areas there are overpopulated, and you need to control the pests.|Well, it can be a way of pest control not sure about it benefiting species though.
The Goldendoodle is a cross-breed dog, which is obtained by breeding a Golden Retriever with a Poodle.|hello, I know I am not the only one, i love dogs.|Oh, nice. Did you know they are cross-bred?|yea me too i like the godendoodle which is a cross-breed dog|That's cool. Have you heard of the goldendoodle? It's a cross between a golden retriever and a poodle.
The Goldendoodle is a cross-breed dog, which is obtained by breeding a Golden Retriever with a Poodle.|goldendoodle? sounds like what you find in a babies diaper :)|I see, did you know that they are cross-bred dogs?|hah well its actually a cross-breed where they breed a golden retriever with a poddle|Nah, just what you get when you cross a golden retriever and a poodle.
The name, which alters ''poodle'' to ''doodle'' by analogy to ''Labradoodle'', was coined in 1992.|ah okay, so it is a yellow curly lab then|I don't know about that but the name, which changes "poodle" to "doodle" was coined in 1992.|yea well they coined the term labradoodle in 1992 which is what they call them|I don't really know, but the name was invented in 1992.
Popularity for the goldendoodle grew in the 1990s when breeders in North America and Australia began crossing Golden Retrievers with Standard Poodles.|they must be an interesting dog, i would like to see one in person|Interesting. Goldendoodles were popular in the 1990s when they were crossed with Standard Poodles.|yea the popularity for the goldendoodle grew in the 1990s when breeders in north america and australia began crossing golden retrievers with standard poodles|Their popularity grew in the 1990s as North American and Australian breeders started crossing golden retrievers and standard poodles.
American football, referred to as football in the United States and Canada, and also known as gridiron football or simply gridiron, is a team sport played by two teams of eleven players on a rectangular field with goalposts at each end.|I love American football. It's probably my favorite sport.|Oh, nice. Did you know that it's a team sport? It's played by two teams of eleven players on a rectangular field.|I do too. It is also known as gridiron football and is a team sport played by two teams of 11 players.|Oh, that's nice. It's also called gridiron football, and played by 11 people on each team.
The offense, which is the team controlling the oval-shaped football, attempts to advance down the field by running with or passing the ball, while the defense, which is the team without control of the ball, aims to stop the offense's advance and aims to take control of the ball for themselves.|Wow, would you believe I thought it was 10 players? That's crazy lol|I'm not sure, but the offense, which is the team controlling the oval-shaped football, attempts to advance down the field by running with or passing the ball.|Yeah, the offense controls the football and attempts to advance the field by running or passing.|Huh, anyway, the offense controls the football and attempts to advance the field by running or passing.
The offense must advance at least ten yards in four downs, or plays, and otherwise they turn over the football to the defense; if the offense succeeds in advancing ten yards or more, they are given a new set of four downs.|That's called a play, right? I don't know a lot of technical terms of the game.|I'm not sure, but the offense must advance at least ten yards in four downs, or plays, and then they are given a new set of four downs.|The offense has to advance ten yards in four plays, which are actually called downs. Otherwise the other team gets the ball.|I don't know what constitutes a "play", but the offense gets four of them to move forward at least 10 yards. If they don't, the other team gets the ball.
Points are primarily scored by advancing the ball into the opposing team's end zone for a touchdown or kicking the ball through the opponent's goalposts for a field goal.|Ah okay, I get it now|Yeah, the goal is primarily by advancing the ball into the end zone for a touchdown.|Points are scored by advancing the ball to the opposing team's end zone for a touchdown or field goal.|Oh, good. Points are scored by advancing the ball to the opposing teams endzone for a touchdown, or by kicking the ball through their goalposts, called a field goal.
It can range from chanting slogans to intense physical activity.|What do you think about cheerleaders?  I was a cheerleader in highschool!|I'm a bot, so I don't have opinions on them. I know that they can be chanting slogans or intense physical activity.|Yes I think it's cool and some of my male friends did it in college for the intense physical activity. .|Cool, but I don't really have an opinion about cheerleading, I only know some facts about it, for example, it can even be an intense physical activity
Physical fitness is a state of health and well-being and, more specifically, the ability to perform aspects of sports, occupations and daily activities.|Yes, people don't realize how physical it is. they think it is just yelling a cheer, but it is a lot more than that|Well, physical fitness is a state of health and well-being.|For sure and it is an excellent source of physical fitness.|What about you, do you have physical fitness? This state of health is the ability to perform sports and daily activities.
Fitness culture is a sociocultural phenomenon which refers to the culture surrounding physical exercises.|Yes, I enjoyed all the competitions we got to be involved in as well. Those were always fun!|Cool! Did you know fitness is a sociocultural phenomenon?|Sounds fun! Do the competitions factor into fitness culture also?|Cool, what is your relationship with fitness culture, are you a part of this sociocultural phenomenon?
Fitness and figure competition is a class of physique-exhibition events for women.|I believe I do, you have to be physically fit in order to do any good in the competitions. You wouldn't fare well if you weren't physically fit and ready to perform your routine in the competition|I see, well, you know that fitness and figure competition is a class of events for women.|That is very true. I love watching fitness and figure competitions of all types so this interests me a lot.|Got it, what about fitness and figure competition, what do you think of this class of exhibition events for women ?
It can range from chanting slogans to intense physical activity.|I actually used to cheerlead for a while in high school.  It is a lot harder than it looks|Oh, that's nice. Do you have a favorite type of activity?|I agree 100 percent. Cheerleading not only includes chanting slogans but involves lots of physical activity.|When you used to cheerlead in high school, was it just chanting slogans or did it involve intense physical activity?
Competitive routines typically range anywhere from one to three minutes, and contain components of tumbling, dance, jumps, cheers, and stunting.|It involved physical activity, and a lot of people do not know how dangerous it can be. Not just the normal wear and tear, but injuries can be pretty bad|I see, did you know that competitive routines can range from one to three minutes?|Chearleading is very strenuous. Especially now that it also considered a competitive sport in itself. Routines range from one to three minutes. The routines contain lots of tumbling and jumps.|Did your routines involve a lot of tumbling, dancing, jumping and stunting ?
The global presentation of cheerleading was led by the 1997 broadcast of ESPN's International cheerleading competition, and the worldwide release of the 2000 film ''Bring It On''.|Yes, and one of the major reason of injurie is stunting|I see, did you know that the global presentation of cheerleading was led by the 1997 broadcast of ESPN's International cheerleading competition?|That is a difficult move. I love how in 1997 Cheerleading became an international competition. It was even aired on ESPN.|I didn't know that, was there a lot on stunting in the film Bring it on, from 2000?
Cheerleading is an activity wherein the participants (referred to as ''cheerleaders'') cheer for their team as a form of encouragement.|I am not sure, I have never seen this movie. Is it about cheerleading ?|I'm not sure, but it's an activity where the participants cheer for their team as a form of encouragement.|Its such a fun movie. To think that most people think cheerleading is only about cheering on your  team for encouragement have no idea how hard it can be is crazy.|I can't confirm if this movie is about cheerleading or not, but I can confirm that cheerleading involves cheering as a form of encouragement
Elvis Aaron Presley (January 8, 1935 – August 16, 1977) was an American singer, musician, and actor.|I like to listen to Elvis, the king of rock and roll.|Oh, that's nice. Did you know Elvis Presley was born in 1935?|He was such an extraordinary american singer and musician|Since you like Elvis, you might like to know more about his life. Elvis Aaron Presley was born January 8, 1935
Presley's first RCA single, ''Heartbreak Hotel'', was released in January 1956 and became a number one hit in the United States.|I didn't know that, do you know when he released his first single?|I'm not sure, but his first RCA single was called "Heartbreak Hotel".|''heartbreak hotel''! it was released in january 1956. what about you?|Yes, I do, Elvis' first single was released in 1956 and was called Heartbreak Hotel
His music career began there in 1954, recording at Sun Records with producer Sam Phillips, who wanted to bring the sound of African American music to a wider audience.|So his music career began back in 1956?|I'm not sure, but his career started there in 1954.||Elvis' music career began in 1954, can you believe that?
Presley's first RCA single, ''Heartbreak Hotel'', was released in January 1956 and became a number one hit in the United States.|I'm a fan of Jailhouse Rock. Can you tell me more about Elvis?|Yes, Elvis Presley's first RCA single, "Heartbreak Hotel" was released in 1956.|heartbreak hotel became number one hit in the United states! I just love this song so much|Sure, I can tell you more about the Heartbreak Hotel, which became a hit in the US
Presley was born in Tupelo, Mississippi, and relocated to Memphis, Tennessee, with his family when he was 13 years old.|That's a while ago! Where was he born?|He was born in Tupelo, Mississippi.|he was born in Tupelo, Mississippi and relocated to MEmphis when he was 13|He was born in Tupelo, Mississippi and relocated to Memphis when he was 13 years old
Elvis Aaron Presley (January 8, 1935 – August 16, 1977) was an American singer, musician, and actor.|My mother loves Elvis Presley. He was called the King of Rock and Roll and very popular in the 20th century.|That's great! Did you know he was born in 1935?|Oh yes, Elvis is a legend!!! He was born January 8, 1935!!|Oh, that's cool. He was an actor as well as a singer, born in 1935.
His music career began there in 1954, recording at Sun Records with producer Sam Phillips, who wanted to bring the sound of African American music to a wider audience.|He was born in Tupelo, Miss, where I am from, but then moved to Memphis, Tenn. where he began his career singing|That's cool. He started his career there in 1954.|Yes he moved with his family when he was 13 years old, and his career began there at Sun Records with Sam Phillips!|That's interesting. His music career began in 1954 at Sun Records.
Presley's first RCA single, ''Heartbreak Hotel'', was released in January 1956 and became a number one hit in the United States.|He had some good movies out also . I used to watch them all the time . Love Me Tender was one,|Have you ever seen the "Heartbreak Hotel" single? It was the first RCA single.|Yes he does!! His first single in 1956, 'Heartbreak Hotel' became a number one hit!|Oh, that's good to know. His first RCA single was Heartbreak Hotel. It came out in 1956 and went to number one in the US.
Elvis Aaron Presley (January 8, 1935 – August 16, 1977) was an American singer, musician, and actor.|I think he got hooked on pain pills later in his life and that's what contributed to his death.|He died in 1977.|Yes I know millions were devastated on August 16, 1977 when he was found unresponsive and died. Very sad.|Ah, I see. He died in 1977.
Accompanied by guitarist Scotty Moore and bassist Bill Black, Presley was a pioneer of rockabilly, an uptempo, backbeat-driven fusion of country music and rhythm and blues.|He had his own style that was unique, kind of country but rock an roll also.|He was a pioneer of rockabilly, a fusion of country music and rhythm and blues.||Yes he had this style they call it rockability, a backbeat driven combination of country and rhythm and blues.
A hot dog (also spelled hotdog), also known as a frankfurter (sometimes shortened to frank), dog, or wiener, is a cooked sausage, traditionally grilled or steamed and served in a partially sliced bun.|Look, hotdogs are my favourite!|Oh, cool! Do you like your dog cooked or steamed?|I feel you, nothing like a good frankfurter, I love them fired up over a grill and with BBQ sauce.|Oh, how nice! They're also called frankfurters. Do you like yours grilled or steamed?
Hot dog variants include the corn dog and pig in a blanket.|Grilled! I also like them steamed, though.|Cool, do you like the corn dog and pig in a blanket?|I've just recently learned that corn dogs and pigs in a blanket are hot dog variants. I thought they were jump similar foods.|Do you also like variations on hot dogs, like corn dogs or pigs in a blanket?
This type of sausage was culturally imported from Germany and popularized in the United States, where it became a working-class street food sold at hot dog stands and carts.|Yes, I do! Hey, do you know where the hot dog originated?|Yes, it was imported from Germany and popularized in the US.||I know that they were originally imported from Germany and then became popular in the US.
This type of sausage was culturally imported from Germany and popularized in the United States, where it became a working-class street food sold at hot dog stands and carts.|Oh cool! Were they made of pork?|I'm not sure, but they were imported from Germany and popularized in the US.|Yes, it is a sausage sandwich of sorts, so I think it was German pork at first.|I'm not sure. It's a type of sausage, though.
Accounting or accountancy is the measurement, processing, and communication of financial information about economic entities such as businesses and corporations.|Hey, I was trying to learn a little bit more about accounting|Ah, that's the measurement, processing, and communication of financial information about economic entities like corporations and businesses.|Are you good in mathematics as it deals with measurement, processing, and communication of financial information about economic entities|Are you good in mathematics, as it deals with the measurement, processing, and communication of financial information about economic entities.
Practitioners of accounting are known as accountants.|Yah, I am pretty good at math, I do a lot of computer science and work with a lot of math there. I would love to learn more about how to create basic accounting documents|Ah, that's nice. They are also known as accountants.|Then you are on the right path to become and accountant or a  Practitioner of accounting|Cool, I'm not able to guide you on making accounting documents but can tell you that if you practice accounting, you are known as an accountant.
In financial accounting, a balance sheet or statement of financial position is a summary of the financial balances of an individual or organization, whether it be a sole proprietorship, a business partnership, a corporation, private limited company or other organization such as Government or not-for-profit entity.|Could you tell me more about what a balance sheet is?|Well, a balance sheet is a summary of the financial balances of an individual or organization.|It is something like a tool used by the accountant. It is contains a  a summary of the financial balances of an individual or organization|Oh, you mean a statement of financial position. Well it is a summary of a person's or organization's financial balance.
Assets, liabilities and ownership equity are listed as of a specific date, such as the end of its financial year.|Okay, that makes sense. What is usually on these sheets? What information can I learn?|Well, I know that assets, liabilities and ownership equity are listed as of a specific date, such as the end of the financial year.|Assets, liabilities and ownership equity are often included in relation to the date.|Not sure on what you can learn but things like the liabilities, the ownership equity, and the assets are on it with a specific date.
Athletes in ancient Greece were advised to consume large quantities of meat and wine.|I have recently starting going to the gym to build some muscle mass. I have bought bodybuilding supplements such as protein powder|Ah, that's nice. Did you know ancient Greece advised people to consume large quantities of meat and wine?|Athletes normally eat meat in large quantities.|DO you happen to eat a lot of meat as well? Ancient Greece Athletes were advised to do that
In nutritional science, on the other hand, red meat is defined as any meat that has more myoglobin than white meat, white meat being defined as non-dark meat from chicken (excluding leg or thigh), or fish.|Yes, I have added much meat eating as part of my special diet. They are rich in protein, especially red meat|That's nice. Red meat is defined as meat that has more myoglobin than white meat.|Red meat is divined as any meat that has myoglobin than white|Speaking of red meat it is defined as any meat that has more myoglobin than white meat
Soy protein is a protein that is isolated from soybean.|Do you know any other food products that are rich in protein?|I do not, but I know that soybean protein is isolated from soybean.|Soy protein is a good source of protein|Well, I am not sure if soybean is rich in protein, but I know you can isolate protein from it, the soy protein
Proteins are essential nutrients for the human body.|My instructor recommended getting pure protein powders such as Whey. Do you think it is worth it to spend $50 on it|I'm not sure, but protein is essential for the human body.|Ye because Protein's are key to the human body|I can't really give you any advice, what I can tell you though is that protein is essential for the human body
By far the largest contributor to green in nature is chlorophyll, the chemical by which plants photosynthesize and convert sunlight into chemical energy.|My favorite color is green!|That's nice. The chemical by which plants photosynthesize and convert sunlight into chemical energy.|I do too because of plants  and it' abundant in nature and all around us|So let me tell you some facts about your favorite color. Did you know that the chemical chlorophyll is the biggest contributor to green in nature ?
It also has a long historical tradition as the color of Ireland and of Gaelic culture.|I have never heard of chlorophyll. I love green on clothing and accessories and to decorate.|That's nice. It's also a long history tradition as the color of Ireland.|my parents are Irish, we Irish love the color so much we adopted it as our national color|Are you Irish? I know that green is the color of Ireland
Many creatures have adapted to their green environments by taking on a green hue themselves as camouflage.|Yes and that is why I love St Patty's Day because there is green all around!|Have you ever adapted to green environments?|It's amazing how St. Patrick's day is know all over the world. Good to know alot of creatures use green too|Now, back to nature, did you know that there are creatures that took a green hue to adapt to the green environment
By far the largest contributor to green in nature is chlorophyll, the chemical by which plants photosynthesize and convert sunlight into chemical energy.|Yes it is quite amazing. I love how so many different cultures are celebrated by everyone|Interesting, did you know that chlorophyll is the chemical by which plants photosynthesize and convert sunlight into chemical energy?|If chlorophyl  were to be a person, I would tell it thank you because it helps us get green for the plants|Nice, one last thing I will add about the chlorophyll is the fact that it is used by plants in photosynthesis
Skiing can be a means of transport, a recreational activity or a competitive winter sport in which the participant uses skis to glide on snow.|Have you ever been skiing?|No, I'm a bot, so I can't ski. I know that it can be a sport for a person to use skis to glide on snow.|No I haven't. I'm way too scared. I know some people do it competitively, recreationally, or use it as a mean of transportation.|No but it is used as a way for people to move about, for competition and as a recreational activity.
Skiing has a history of almost five millennia.|I personally dislike it but I'm curious about it, how long has it been around?|I'm not sure, but skiing has a history of almost 5 millennia.|It's a shame though. Since skiing has existed for almost five millennia!|You may be interested to know then that its been around for around 5000 years.
It comes from the Old Norse word ''skíð'' which means ''split piece of wood or firewood''.|Wow. That's crazy. I didn't know that!|It comes from the Old Norse word ''sk'' which means ''split piece of wood or firewood''.||The word ski comes from Old Norse which means a split piece of firewood or wood
Cross-country skiing is a form of skiing where skiers rely on their own locomotion to move across snow-covered terrain, rather than using ski lifts or other forms of assistance.|Interesting. I'd rather bobsled.|I see, do you use your own locomotion to move across snow-covered terrain?||What about about cross-country skiing? That's where people move across all the snow-covered terrain rather than just using ski lifts.
Water skiing is a surface water sport in which an individual is pulled behind a boat or a cable ski installation over a body of water, skimming the surface on two skis or one ski.|That sounds more fun than regular skiing.|Oh, cool! Do you ski on two skis or on one ski?|I think so. Water skiing would be even more fun. You can hold onto a cable behind a boat and skim on the water's surface.|Another form of skiing you may be interested in is called water skiing. It is where a boat or cable ski pulls a person behind them and the person skims across the water on one or two skis.
Motivation is the reason for people's actions, desires, and needs.|I have problem getting motivated|That's too bad. Motivation is the reason for people's needs, actions and desires.|motivation is peoples reason for there actions I think|Motivation is people's reason for their actions, I think.
Motivation is also one's direction to behavior, or what causes a person to want to repeat a behavior.|Oh yeah. I do not find reason to do anything, I just want to be idle and do nothing|That's good. Motivation is the direction to behavior, or what causes a person to want to repeat a behavior.|well maybe you are repeating the same behaviors and need to switch it up a bit to get you out of the rut ?|Oh, I see. Well, motivation is also what gets people to repeat behaviors.
Motivation is also one's direction to behavior, or what causes a person to want to repeat a behavior.|Well, I have to find a motivation so I can get out of this.|That's good. Motivation is also the direction to behavior.|well maybe you are repeating the same behaviors and need to switch it up a bit to get you out of the rut ?|Motivation also gives a person direction to behavior.
Motivation is also one's direction to behavior, or what causes a person to want to repeat a behavior.|Do you have any scientific study on motivation?|I'm a bot, so I can't do that. I know that motivation is the direction to behavior, or what causes a person to repeat a behavior.|well maybe you are repeating the same behaviors and need to switch it up a bit to get you out of the rut ?|No, not really, just that motivation gives direction to behaviors and is a cause for repeating behaviors.
Green is the color between blue and yellow on the visible spectrum.|I like the color green as it is so present in nature. What is your favorite color?|I'm a bot, so I don't have favorites. I know that green is between yellow and blue on the visible spectrum.|I like both blue and yellow because when you mix the two together, you get green!|I don't have a favorite, being a bot. That said, I know that green sits between yellow and blue on the visible light spectrum.
By far the largest contributor to green in nature is chlorophyll, the chemical by which plants photosynthesize and convert sunlight into chemical energy.|I always find this interesting. What else can you tell me about the color green?|Well, I also know that chlorophyll is the chemical by which plants photosynthesize and convert sunlight into chemical energy.||Well, I can tell you that most plants in nature are green, due to photosynthesis.
Photosynthesis is a process used by plants and other organisms to convert light energy into chemical energy that can later be released to fuel the organisms' activities (energy transformation).|Photosynthesis is an interesting process. Can you tell me more about it?|Sure, it's used by plants and other organisms to convert light into chemical energy.|It's a process plants use to live - it converts light into chemical energy that they use to grow and survive.|Photosynthesis is the process plants use to convert light into chemical energy. That energy can then be used to fuel the plant's activites.
Several minerals have a green color, including the emerald, which is colored green by its chromium content.|Do you know any other interesting facts about the color green?|Yes, emerald is a mineral that has a green color.|Some minerals in nature can be found with a greenish color. In particular, emeralds, which is a very popular jewel.|Some minerals in nature can be found with a greenish color, in particular, emeralds.
Emerald is a gemstone and a variety of the mineral beryl (BeAl(SiO)) colored green by trace amounts of chromium and sometimes vanadium.|I love emeralds! They are so beautiful!|Oh, that's nice. Have you ever heard of beryl, which is a mineral from the mineral beAl(SiO)?|I do too! Emeralds come from a mineral called ''Beryl''|Oh, that's nice. They're a type of mineral called beryl that has small amounts of chromium, which is what makes them green.
Green is the color between blue and yellow on the visible spectrum.|I love the color green it reminds me of trees and nature, Green is the color between blue and yellow on the visible spectrum|Oh, that's nice. Green is between blue and yellow on the visible spectrum.|Green is my favorite too, it is the color between blue and yellow|The part that you said that green is the color between yellow and blue is correct, green is indeed located there on the visible spectrum.
It is evoked by light which has a dominant wavelength of roughly 495570 nm.|In early modern Europe, green was the color commonly associated with wealth, merchants, bankers and the gentry|I see, did you know that green is evoked by light? It has a dominant wavelength of 495570 nm.||The color has a dominant wavelength of roughly 495570 nm if i rememebr
By far the largest contributor to green in nature is chlorophyll, the chemical by which plants photosynthesize and convert sunlight into chemical energy.|Green also has a long historical tradition as the color of Ireland and of Gaelic culture.|That's interesting. The largest contributor to green is chlorophyll, which is the chemical by which plants photosynthesize and convert sunlight into chemical energy.|By far the largest contributor to green in nature is chlorophyll that is why so many animals use it as camouflage.|Nice piece of information, another fact I will add is that chlorophyll is the largest contributor to green seen in nature
Several minerals have a green color, including the emerald, which is colored green by its chromium content.|Its a popular color worldwide, green is the color of the banner of Muhammad, and is found in the flags of nearly all Islamic countries|Oh, that's nice. There are several minerals that have green colors, like the emerald, which is green by its chromium content.||Several minerals have the color green in them like the emerald
In subtractive color systems, used in painting and color printing, it is created by a combination of yellow and blue, or yellow and cyan; in the RGB color model, used on television and computer screens, it is one of the additive primary colors, along with red and blue, which are mixed in different combinations to create all other colors.|Green is the color most commonly associated with nature, life, health, youth, spring, hope and envy|I see, did you know that in the RGB color model, it is one of the additive primary colors, along with red and blue, which are mixed in different combinations to create all other colors?|it is one of the additive primary colors, along with red and blue, which are mixed in different combinations to create all other colors . We will always need green to make great art work.|Do you like red and blue ? Those 2 color, along with green, are the additive primary colors
Thierry Daniel Henry (; born 17 August 1977) is a retired French professional footballer who played as a forward and is the second assistant manager of the Belgium national team.|Thierry Henry is one of my all time favorite players. What about you?|I'm a bot, so I can't play football. I know he's the second assistant manager of Belgium.|He was good.  he is a retired French professional footballer|I've never seen Thierry Henry, former French footballer, play because I'm a bot.
He played for Monaco, Juventus, Barcelona, New York Red Bulls and spent eight years at Arsenal where he is the club's all-time record goalscorer.|Yes I think he retired many years ago. He was a coach for Belgium during the World Cup.|He played for Monaco, Barcelona, and the Red Bulls.|He played for Monaco, Juventus, Barcelona, New York Red Bulls so he has been almost everywere|Oh, really? I know he played for several teams, like Monaco, Juventus, and Arsenal, to name a few.
At international level he represented France and is his country's record goalscorer.|Thats quite a resume. He scored so many great goals too.|I see, did you know that he represented France at the international level?|he represented France and is his country's record goalscorer and was really good at it|He was also the French national team's record goalscorer.
Henry made his professional debut with Monaco in 1994.|It's a shame he did not win the world cup in 2006.|He made his debut in 1994 with Monaco.||He had his professional debut with Monaco in 1994.
Good form led to an international call-up in 1998, after which he signed for the Serie A defending champions Juventus.|That was over twenty years ago! Seems like just yesterday.|Yeah, and he signed for Juventus in 1998.|Yeah I have heard Good form led to an international call-up in 1998|That so? He got an international call-up in 1998, then signed with Juventus.
The cast of the show became a recognised musical group for children.|Hi, apparently I'm an accountant|Oh, nice. The cast became a recognized musical group for children.|Oh hey there!  I like Hi-5?|Well, I don't really know anything about accountants right now, do you want to talk about musical groups ? I know that there is a show which the cast became a recognized musical group
Hi-5 are an Australian children's musical group formed in 1998, who are associated with the children's television series of the same name.|What's that?|Hi-5 is an Australian musical group.|It' an Australian children musical team from 1998! What all do you do?|It' an Australian children musical team from 1998!
Play School is an Australian educational television show for children produced by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation.|Nice, what else Australian things do you know about ?|Well, I also know that Play School is an Australian educational television show for children.|Its pretty much all the same :) I love Australian TV.  Especially Play School.|Well, I also know about Play School, which is an Australian educational TV show. Have you ever watched it ?
It was created by Joy Whitby.|I don't think I have. Is that like the equivalent of Barney in the US?|I'm not sure, but it was created by Joy Whitby.|A bit!  It was made by Joy Whitby.|That is something I can't answer you, what I know is that it was created by a person named Joy Whitby. Are they the same creator of barney?
Bowling is a sport or leisure activity in which a player rolls or throws a bowling ball towards a target.|I used to bowl all of the time when I was younger|Oh, that's nice. Did you know that bowling is a sport or leisure activity?|I still do, sometimes as a sport or leisure activity.|Oh, interesting! So you used to roll a ball towards a target. Were you any good?
A strike is when all the pins are knocked down on the first roll, whereas a spare is when all the pins are knocked over on the second shot.|Not really, I didn't get many strikes.|I see, did you get a strike when all the pins are knocked down on the first roll?|Usually i just play with a friend and the pins are knocked down every time I play!|That's when all the pins fall on the first attempt, right?
The maximum score is 300, which is achieved by getting 12 strikes in a row.|Yeah, that's right. I was never very good at it. I am good at Wii Bowling, lol!!|Oh, yeah? The maximum score is 300, and 12 strikes in a row are achieved.||Does Wii bowling have the maximum score of 300 or some other score?
The pin version of bowling is often played on a flat wooden or other synthetic surface (which can be oiled in different patterns for different techniques), while in target bowling, the surface may be grass, gravel or a synthetic surface.|I dont remember it has also been years since I have played that one too|I see, well the pin version is often played on a flat wooden or other synthetic surface.|I see, I have a flat wooden or other synthetic surface in my house so I can bowl in the privacy of my home!|Ah, I see. Well, pin bowling tends to be played on a wood or synthetic surface, but target bowling can be played in the grass or on gravel.
In target variations, the aim is usually to get the ball as close to a mark as possible.|Oh, I've never heard of target bowling. What's that?|I'm not sure, but the goal is usually to get the ball as close to a mark as possible.|You should! The aim is usually to get the ball as close to the pins so my house doesn't break!|The goal of target bowling is to the the ball as close to some target as possible.
Ireland (; ; Ulster-Scots: ) is an island in the North Atlantic.|I love Ireland! My husband and I went there on our Honeymoon! We flew into the Shannon Airport, it was so easy!|Oh, that's nice. I know it's an island in the North Atlantic.|My great-grandmother was from Ireland that mystical green isle in the North Atlantic.|How neat! Ireland is found in the North Atlantic, did you know that?
United Ireland is the proposition that the whole of Ireland should be a single sovereign state.|Yeah, the island is two different countries.|I see, did you know United Ireland is the idea that the whole of Ireland should be a single sovereign state?|No idea.  Irish was lower-class back in the day, just Ireland, a single sovereign state is how we regarded it.|There's actually a proposition called United Ireland to make the whole island a single sovereign state.
About 33 million Americans—10.5% of the total population—reported Irish ancestry in the 2013 American Community Survey conducted by the U.S. Census Bureau.|Oh, interesting. I know a lot of Irish made it to America over the years.|About 33 million Americans reported Irish ancestry in the American Community Survey of 2013|Could be.  Had something to do with the great potato famine which caused the immigration which resulted in 33 million americans reporting Irish ancestry in 2013.|A little more than 10%, or about 33 million Americans, say they have Irish ancestry, as of 2013.
During the famine, about one million people died and a million more emigrated from Ireland, causing the island's population to fall by between 20% and 25%.|Do you know how many Irish people died in the great potato famine?|I'm not sure, but about 1 million people died during the famine, and a million more emigrated from Ireland.||Reportedly about one million people died.
Green is the color between blue and yellow on the visible spectrum.|Green is my favorite color especially because money is green lol.|That's cool. Green is between yellow and blue on the visible spectrum.|I do love the color of money! lol Green is actually the color between blue and yellow on the spectrum.|So let me tell you another fact about your favorite color, green is actually between yellow and blue on the visible spectrum
Kale () or leaf cabbage are certain cultivars of cabbage (''Brassica oleracea'') grown for their edible leaves.|Really? I did not know that. Other green thing I like is kale|Oh, yeah? Kale is a certain cultivar of cabbage.|I am not a huge fan of kale which is basically leaf cabbage.|Speaking of kale, did you know that those cultivars of cabbage are grown for their leaves, which can be eaten ?
Green beans are known by many common names, including French beans, string beans, snap beans, and snaps.|That I did know, I also like green beans, what do you know about it?|Well, I know that green beans are known by many common names, like French beans, string beans, snap beans, and snaps.|I love fresh green beans which are known by many names including french beans, string beans, and snaps.|Well, I know that green beans are also know as French beans, nap beans, or string beans
It is primarily celebrated as a recognition of Irish and Irish American culture; celebrations include prominent displays of the color green, eating and drinking, religious observances, and numerous parades.|I love snaps, I like to eat them during St. Patrick's Day|Cool, did you know that it is celebrated as a recognition of Irish and Irish American culture?|I rarely wear green although I do wear it on St. Patrick's Day when celebrating Irish American culture.|So you like the eating and drinking that happens during celebrations of Irish American Culture ?
By far the largest contributor to green in nature is chlorophyll, the chemical by which plants photosynthesize and convert sunlight into chemical energy.|Yes, that is my favorite part. There is green everywhere during the celebrations|That's nice. The most common cause of green is chlorophyll, which is the chemical by which plants photosynthesize and convert sunlight into chemical energy.|I love emerald green and I find it interesting that the largest factor to green in nature is chlorophyll which is the chemical needed for photosynthesis.|Now back to the color green, did you know that the largest contributor to this color in nature is chlorophyll?
Discovery Channel (known as The Discovery Channel from 1985 to 1995, and often referred to as simply Discovery) is an American basic cable and satellite television channel (which is also delivered via IPTV, terrestrial television and internet television in other parts of the world) that is the flagship television property of Discovery Communications, a publicly traded company run by CEO David Zaslav.|discovery channel used to be so good|That's cool. Did you know that Discovery Channel was founded by David Zaslav?|It was known as The Discovery Channel from 1985 to 1995|I see, did you like it back when it was known as The Discovery Channel? That was from 1985 to 1995.
Discovery Channel (known as The Discovery Channel from 1985 to 1995, and often referred to as simply Discovery) is an American basic cable and satellite television channel (which is also delivered via IPTV, terrestrial television and internet television in other parts of the world) that is the flagship television property of Discovery Communications, a publicly traded company run by CEO David Zaslav.|Yeah, did they change it though? Isn't it still called that?|I'm not sure, but it was originally called The Discovery Channel from 1985 to 1995.|It is now simply known as Discovery sometimes|Well, it is referred to as Discovery Channel or just Discovery.
, Discovery Channel is the third most widely distributed cable channel in the United States, behind TBS and The Weather Channel; it is available in 409 million households worldwide, through its U.S. flagship channel and its various owned or licensed television channels internationally.|Ah okay, so just trimmed the off. Is it still popular in the US?|I'm not sure, but Discovery Channel is the third most widely distributed cable channel in the US.|It is also the third most widely distributed cable station in the USA|Well, it is the 3rd most distributed cable channel.
, Discovery Channel is the third most widely distributed cable channel in the United States, behind TBS and The Weather Channel; it is available in 409 million households worldwide, through its U.S. flagship channel and its various owned or licensed television channels internationally.|oh really its that popular?|I'm not sure, but Discovery Channel is the third most widely distributed cable channel in the US.||Yes, it is only behind TBS and the Weather Channel
, Discovery Channel is the third most widely distributed cable channel in the United States, behind TBS and The Weather Channel; it is available in 409 million households worldwide, through its U.S. flagship channel and its various owned or licensed television channels internationally.|huh i wouldve never guessed.|That's cool. Discovery Channel is the third most widely distributed cable channel in the US.||It is currently available in over 409 million households throughout the world
Harry Potter is a series of fantasy novels written by British author J. K. Rowling.|I've always been interested in the Harry Potter books and movies.|Oh, that's cool. Did you know J. K Rowling wrote the series of fantasy novels?|Harry Potter is a series of fantasy novels|So are you a fan of the author, J. K. Rowling or just the fantasy novels?
The novels chronicle the life of a young wizard, Harry Potter, and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley, all of whom are students at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.|The novels mostly, she hasn't really written anything else. Can you tell me more about the series? I want to get into it like my friends.|Well, the novels chronicle the life of a young wizard, Harry Potter, and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley.||The novels chronicle the life of a young wizard, Harry Potter, and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley,
The novels chronicle the life of a young wizard, Harry Potter, and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley, all of whom are students at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.|I feel like most people at least know who Harry Potter is at this point.|I don't know who Harry Potter is, but the novels chronicle the life of a young wizard, Harry Potter, and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley.|Yes all the young character are students at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.|I'm not sure about that but I can tell you that Harry and his friends are all students of Hogwarts, a school for Witchcraft and Wizardry.
The main story arc concerns Harry's struggle against Lord Voldemort, a dark wizard who intends to become immortal, overthrow the wizard governing body known as the Ministry of Magic, and subjugate all wizards and muggles, a reference term that means non-magical people.|That sounds like quite the interesting place to go to school!|The main story arc is about Harry's struggle against Lord Voldemort, a dark wizard who intends to become immortal|The book highlights Harry's struggle against Lord Voldemort, a dark wizard who intends to become immortal, overthrow the wizard governing body|Another thing about the main story is that it's about Harry's struggle against a dark wizard named Lord Voldemort. Lord Voldemort wants to become immortal and overthrow the Ministry of Magic.
Since the release of the first novel, ''Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone'', on 26 June 1997, the books have found immense popularity, critical acclaim, and commercial success worldwide.|I might have to read these books. They sound like something I'd be interested in.|I see, did you know that the first novel was released in 1997?|''Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone'', which was released on 26 June 1997, the books have found immense popularity|I agree, since the books have immense popularity and is critically acclaimed. They also have commercial success worldwide.
A consulting or consultancy firm is a business of one or more experts (consultants) that provides professional advice to an individual or an organization for a fee.|Hello. i would like to introduce myself. i own a marketing Consulting firm.  are you familiar with my profession?|I know that consulting firms are a business of one or more experts.||I am indeed.  You're a business of one or more experts that provide advice for a fee!
Sponsors of advertising are often businesses wishing to promote their products or services.|Yes, but sometimes our ads have capital letters in the wrong places, so we are a discount marketing agency.|I see, well they are often a business that wants to promote their products or services.|I hear that and we know how important advertising is for selling a product, service or idea.|Oh, I see. Well, businesses do sometimes want to promote their services or products.
This is called outsourcing.|Yes, we are a full service firm:  consulting, ad agency, production studios, sweepstakes and fulfillment.  It is quite a lucrative business for us.|That's a great idea. Do you also do outsourcing?|Outsourcing is important for marketing firms as well.|That's great! There is also something called outsourcing.
The Graphic Artists Guild is a guild of graphic designers, illustrators, and photographers and is organized into seven chapters around the United States.|You are correct!  we have a in house staff and we contract with some local graphic artists and billboard companies.  I'm sure you have seen our work.|I know that the Graphic Artists Guild is a guild of graphic designers, photographers, and illustrators.|That seems interesting.  Is the Graphics Artists Guild a part of your companies resume as well?|That seems interesting. Are you familiar with the Graphic Artists Guild? There are seven chapters in the US.
Consulting services are part of the tertiary sector and account for several hundred billion dollars in annual revenues.|I have heard of them, but we are a non union shop. We have to keep our costs down since we are a discount firm. If you ever have a need for our services, you can find us on the internet.|I see, did you know that consulting services are part of the tertiary sector?|Well it's very important to be in that tertiary sector and account for billions in revenues.  I appreciate your hard work!|OK. Did you know that consulting brings in hundreds of billions of dollars in revenue each year?
Guns N' Roses, often abbreviated as GNR, is an American hard rock band from Los Angeles, California, formed in 1985.|What's your favorite Guns N' Roses song?|I'm a bot, so I don't have favorites. I know they're from Los Angeles, California.|If I'm being honest..I have never really listened to Guns N' Roses.  I am reading about them and see that they are abbreviated as GNR?|I'm a bot with no ears, so can't listen to Guns N' Roses (or GNR). I do happen to know they formed in 1985.
Guns N' Roses, often abbreviated as GNR, is an American hard rock band from Los Angeles, California, formed in 1985.|Oh, OK. Where are they from?|They're from Los Angeles, California.|I am sure I have.  I terrible at remembering names of songs and groups they go with.  I see they were formed in 1985 in Los Angeles, California?|They're from Los Angeles, California. Do you like their music?
Guns N' Roses has released six studio albums, accumulating sales of more than 100 million records worldwide, including 45 million in the United States, making them the 41st best-selling artist of all time.|Yup. Ever heard of Slash? He was the lead guitarist|I have not but I know that Guns N' Roses is the 41st best-selling artist of all time.|Yes, I think I have.  I see it says they released 6 studio albums and sold more than 100 million records worldwide.  thats great!|I don't know of him, actually. I do know, though, that they've sold over 100 million records around the world.
Guns N' Roses has released six studio albums, accumulating sales of more than 100 million records worldwide, including 45 million in the United States, making them the 41st best-selling artist of all time.|Most people recognize Sweet Child O' Mine or Welcome to the Jungle as they are played often|Oh, that's nice. They're the 41st best-selling artist of all time.|I believe I have heard of both of those actually.  They are the 41st best selling artist of all time|Ah, I see. Their record sales made them the 41st best-selling artist ever.
Guns N' Roses' debut album, ''Appetite for Destruction'' (1987), reached number one on the ''Billboard'' 200 a year after its release, on the strength of ''Sweet Child o' Mine'', the band's only single to reach number one on the ''Billboard'' Hot 100.|Indeed. Incredibly popular still today even though they had a lot of band issues|I see, did you know their debut album was called Appetite for Destruction?|Most bands do it would seem.  I saw that ''Sweet Child of Mine'' was the bands only single to reach number one one the ''Billboard'' Hot 100|Oh, that's great. Hey, it turns out Sweet Child o' Mine was the bands only number one single on Billboard's Hot 100.
American football, referred to as football in the United States and Canada, and also known as gridiron football or simply gridiron, is a team sport played by two teams of eleven players on a rectangular field with goalposts at each end.|I like watching American football.|Oh, American football? It's a team sport played by two teams of eleven players on a rectangular field.|american football just referred to as football in the states and canada is also known as giridiron football. its a team sports played by two teams of eleven players on a rectangular field with goalposts on each end. im not  afan if im being honest|That's cool. It's a game with eleven players on each side and a rectangular field.
Points are primarily scored by advancing the ball into the opposing team's end zone for a touchdown or kicking the ball through the opponent's goalposts for a field goal.|How do teams score points?|I'm not sure, but points are primarily scored by advancing the ball into the end zone for a touchdown.|points are scored by advancing the ball into the opposing teams end zone for a touchdown or kicking it through the opponents goalposts for a field goal. good question!|Points are scored by advancing the ball into the opposing teams end zone for a touchdown or kicking it through the opponents goalposts for a field goal. Good question!
American football evolved in the United States, originating from the sports of association football and rugby football.|That sounds like fun. What are the origins of football?|It originated from the sports of association football and rugby football.|it evolved from rugby football and from the sports of association football|It evolved from rugby football and from the sport of association football.
The first match of American football was played on November 6, 1869, between two college teams, Rutgers and Princeton, under rules based on the association football rules of the time.|So, it's a rough sport. Are injuries common?|I'm not sure, but the first American football match was played in 1869.|very much so. its actually quite terrible how common brain injuries are. but some history the first match was played november6 1869 between two college teams, rutgers and princeton but was under the rules of the association of football at the time.|I don't know. But I do know some history, the first game was played in 1869 between Rutgers and Princeton.
The team with the most points at the end of a game wins.|Is college football popular? Which league is the best to watch?|I'm not sure, but the team with the most points wins.|absolutely! after the team with the most poitns win people talk about the game for days and days on end. it brings a lot of people together (and apart). its probably the most popular sport in america|I don't know the answer to either question, just that the winning team is the one with the most points.
, Discovery Channel is the third most widely distributed cable channel in the United States, behind TBS and The Weather Channel; it is available in 409 million households worldwide, through its U.S. flagship channel and its various owned or licensed television channels internationally.|The Discovery Channel has a lot of interesting shows on, that's why I like to watch it a lot.|That's nice. It's the third most widely distributed cable channel in the US.|That is my favorite channel ! I love watching Street Outlaws. I know that Discovery is the third largest channel on cable!|Oh, did you know that it has the third widest distribution on cable?
, household ownership of television sets in the country is 96.7%, with approximately 114,200,000 American households owning at least one television set as of August 2013.|Damn that's a lot of people that must watch it then.|That's too bad. In August of 2013, about 114,200,000 Americans own at least one television set.|Yeah in america almost 97% of people own a TV so im sure alot of people are tuned in all the time! What is your favorite show?|I'm not sure if that's true, but almost 97% of American households have a TV.
Programming on the flagship Discovery Channel in the U.S. is primarily focused on reality television series, such as speculative investigation (with shows such as ''MythBusters'', ''Unsolved History'', and ''Best Evidence''), automobiles, and occupations (such as ''Dirty Jobs'' and ''Deadliest Catch''); it also features documentaries specifically aimed at families and younger audiences.|That's so many people that own TVs but I'm not surprised. I really don't know what my favorite is, honestly.|I'm not sure, but the Discovery Channel is primarily focused on reality television series.|You should really consider watching Discovery, they have tons of reality tv series. Some of the most popular are Deadliest Catch, Dirty Jobs, and MythBusters|Well, Discovery shows series like Mythbusters, Deadliest Catch and Unsolved History on their flagship channel.
The series premiered on the Discovery Channel on January 23, 2003.|I loved MythBusters, but isn't it not on the air anymore?|I'm not sure, but I know that the show premiered on the Discovery Channel on January 23, 2003.|I know they premiered in January 2003, I don't think they are running new episodes at this time but they always have re-runs on! Naked and Afraid is also awesome, have you heard of it?|I couldn't say, though they premiered in 2003.
Some festivals are focused on women’s music.|I really love music and dancing|Oh, cool! Did you know some festivals are focused on women's music?|Yeah, I like music too, I have a lot of favorite female singers. I like music festivals too.|Since you love music, have you ever been to a music festival? There are some festivals focused on women's music
They are commonly held outdoors, with tents or roofed temporary stages for the performers.|I have never, I imagine going to a woman's music festival would be pretty nice.|I see, did you know that they are usually held outdoors?|Nope, but I would really like to. I'm scared of getting too hot, it's outdoors so there's a chance.|So do you plan going to one anytime soon? I know that they are commonly held outdoors.
A music festival is a community event oriented towards live performances of singing and instrument playing that is often presented with a theme such as musical genre (e.g., blues, folk,  jazz, classical music), nationality, or locality of musicians, or holiday.|I will try to go to one by the end of the year.|Oh, cool! Do you like to go to a music festival? It's a community event oriented towards live performances of singing and instrument playing.||Have you been to one before? What kind of music festival? Blues? Folk? Jazz?
Jazz is seen by many as 'America's classical music'.|I love blues, it takes me to another world|Cool, did you know that many consider jazz "America's classical music"?|I like jazz. It's ''Americas classical music''|What about jazz? It is seen as "America's classical music" by many
Some festivals are organized as for-profit concerts and others are benefits for a specific charitable cause.|Yeah, jazz is lovely too. But I'm so comfortable with blues|Oh, cool. Did you know some festivals are for-profit concerts?||Some festivals are benefits for a specific charitable cause.
John Ray Grisham Jr. (; born February 8, 1955) is an American bestselling writer, attorney, politician, and activist best known for his popular legal thrillers.|i enjoy john gresham movies , but not his books|Oh, that's nice. He's a writer, lawyer, politician, and activist.|John Grisham is an American writer and activist known for his legal thrillers. I never read any of his books.|Oh, that's interesting. He's best known for his political thrillers. Is that what you've seen?
His books have been translated into 42 languages and published worldwide.|Yeah, his books are a bit long for my taste.|Oh, cool. He's been translated into 42 languages.||His books have been translated into 42 languages and have been published all over the world.
John Grisham graduated from Mississippi State University before attending the University of Mississippi School of Law in 1981.|He is very popular. My sister is obsessed with his works.|Oh, cool! Did you know that John Grisham graduated from Mississippi State University?|Yeah he is. He graduated from Mississippi State University before attending law school in 1981.|Oh, that's cool. He went to law school at the University of Mississippi.
He practiced criminal law for about a decade and served in the House of Representatives in Mississippi from January 1984 to September 1990.|Now I see why many of his works are based in the southern US|I'm not sure, but he practiced criminal law for about a decade.||He practiced criminal law for about 10 years and was a congressman from 1984 to 1990.
His first novel, ''A Time to Kill,'' was published in June 1989, four years after he began writing it.|He is so accomplished!|He wrote his first novel, "A Time to Kill".||His first novel ''A Time to Kill'' was published in June 1989. It took him four years to write it.
Hunting wildlife or feral animals is most commonly done by humans for food, recreation, to remove predators that are dangerous to humans or domestic animals, or for trade.|I love to hunt. There's nothing like having some fresh meat.|Ah, that's nice. Do you hunt wildlife or feral animals for recreation, or for trade?|Absolutly, I have only ever hunted for food but it serves a good purpose in removing predators that are dangerous.|Oh, that's interesting. Do you mostly hunt for food, or also to eliminate dangerous predators?
However, excessive hunting has also heavily contributed to the endangerment, extirpation and extinction of many animals.|Mostly for food, but apparently in some areas, the government will actually pay money to hunt for specific predators!|I see, did you know that excessive hunting has also contributed to the extinction, extirpation and endangerment of many animals?|That is true but we always have to watch out for excessive hunting. it has caused some species to become endangered.|Oh, really? Sometimes excessive hunting has caused animals to go extinct.
It is also not considered hunting to pursue animals without intent to kill them, as in wildlife photography, birdwatching, or scientific research activities which involve tranquilizing or tagging of animals or birds.|Yes, I don't believe in the useless hunting that poachers do. Its so cruel.|It's not considered hunting to pursue animals without intent to kill them.|agreed, I remember reading one time that unless you plan to kill the animal its not considered hunting.|Good to know. Did you know if you do not intend to kill the animal, pursuing them, like for photography or research, is not considered hunting?
Hunting can also be a means of pest control.|Interesting, I've never heard that before. There are some areas of the world where people still have to hunt and gather for their food to survive.|Ah, that's interesting. Hunting can also be a way to control pests.|Yeah hunting is a great way to feed your family and control the pest and predators in the wild.|Hunting can also be used to get rid of pests.
Harry Potter is a series of fantasy novels written by British author J. K. Rowling.|I don't like harry potter|Oh, that's nice. J.K. Rowling wrote the series of fantasy novels.|why dont you like harry porter, its a series of fantasy novels written by British author J. K. Rowling.|Why don't you like Harry Potter? It is a series of fantasy novels written by British author, J. K.Rowling.
The novels chronicle the life of a young wizard, Harry Potter, and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley, all of whom are students at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.|It glorifies witch craft|Oh, that's nice. The novels chronicle the life of a young wizard, Harry Potter, and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley.|of course it does, harry potter, the novel  chronicle the life of a young wizard, Harry Potter, and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley|I'm not sure about that, it is instead about the life of Harry Potter and his friends, Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger.
The novels chronicle the life of a young wizard, Harry Potter, and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley, all of whom are students at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.|Yes you are correct|Yes, the novels chronicle the life of a young wizard, Harry Potter, and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley.|thank you, they are all students at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.|Thank you, also they are all students at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.
The series has also had its share of criticism, including concern about the increasingly dark tone as the series progressed, as well as the often gruesome and graphic violence it depicts.|Do you know if there has been criticisms for it?|I'm not sure, but I know that the series has had some criticism, including concerns about the increasingly dark tone as well.|i dont know, but i think so, The series has also had its share of criticism, including concern about the increasingly dark tone|Yes, the series has had criticism against it like an increasing dark tone and graphic violence.
, the books have sold more than 500 million copies worldwide, making them the best-selling book series in history, and have been translated into seventy-three languages.|I see, that may be another reason why I'll avoid it. Are they even that successful? I know they made movies but who reads books much anymore?|I'm not sure, but they have sold over 500 million copies worldwide.|yes and the world love the series,  the books have sold more than 500 million copies worldwide|Yes, as the books have sold over 500 million copies around the world and has been translated into 73 languages as well.
Neurosurgery is often colloquially referred to as ''brain surgery''.|I have always been fascinated by neurosurgery.|Oh, that's nice. Neurosurgery is often referred to as brain surgery.|It's definitely interesting. It's also often known as brain surgery.|Oh, really? It's also called brain surgery.
In different countries, there are different requirements for an individual to legally practice neurosurgery, and there are varying methods through which they must be educated.|Definitely interesting. It must be one of the more difficult fields to go into.|In different countries, there are different requirements for a person to legally practice neurosurgery.|It's really difficult. In different countries, there are different requirements for an individual to legally practice neurosurgery,|I wouldn't know, but there are actually different requirements for who can practice it, and also how they are taught.
In most countries, neurosurgeon training requires a minimum period of seven years after graduating from medical school.|I'm sure no matter the country they are fairly extensive though.|In most countries, neurosurgeon training requires a minimum period of seven years after graduating from medical school.|Yes of course. For most countries neurosurgeon training requires a minimum period of seven years after graduating from medical school even|Well, it requires seven years of training after medical school.
Neurosurgeons may pursue additional training in the form of a fellowship, after residency or in some cases, as a senior resident.|That is a long long schooling. Anything else you think I should know?|I don't have any information about that. However, I know that neurosurgeons can pursue additional training in the form of a fellowship||Neurosurgeons may choose to pursue additional training in the form of a fellowship, after residency or in some cases, as a senior resident
Neurosurgery, or neurological surgery is the medical specialty concerned with the prevention, diagnosis, surgical treatment, and rehabilitation of disorders which affect any portion of the nervous system including the brain, spinal cord, peripheral nerves, and extra-cranial cerebrovascular system.|Neurosurgery is a fascinating field dealing with the brain.|Oh, that's interesting. It's the specialty of the prevention, diagnosis, and treatment of disorders that affect the nervous system.|I agree, the medical specialty about treatment of neurological disorders is extremely important.|Well, did you know that Neurosurgery isn't concerned with the brain only? It also deals with disorders which affect the spinal cord and other portions of the nervous system
Neurosurgery is often colloquially referred to as ''brain surgery''.|I didn't know that, I though it was exclusive to the brain.|I see, did you know that neurosurgery is often referred to as brain surgery?|Yes, it is one of the highest paid fields as well, and people usually referred to as ''brain surgery|Why did you think that ? Was it because Neurosurgery is referred to as "brain surgery" often ?
In most countries, neurosurgeon training requires a minimum period of seven years after graduating from medical school.|Exactly that, I want to go to medical school and become a neurosurgeon|That's nice. In most countries, neurosurgeon training requires a minimum of seven years after graduating from medical school.|Yes and no wonder training requires a minimum period of seven year!|Depending on which country you will go get training to become a neurosurgeon, you will need at least 7 more years after graduating medical school
In the United States, a neurosurgeon must generally complete four years of undergraduate education, four years of medical school, and seven years of residency (PGY-1-7).|That's so long! I could never bank on going to school for that long of a period!|I see, did you know that in the US, a neurosurgeon must complete four years of undergraduate education?|Yea, imagine having to do four years of undergraduate education, four years of medical school, and seven years of residency. SO much investment!|Are you from the US, in America neurosurgeons must complete 4 years of under graduation, 4 years of medical school and finally 7 years of residency.
These fellowships include pediatric neurosurgery, trauma/neurocritical care, functional and stereotactic surgery, surgical neuro-oncology, radiosurgery, neurovascular surgery, skull-base surgery, peripheral nerve and spine surgery.|That seems tough, I think that the medical field is a great field, though.|I don't know about that but there are fellowships in the field of neurosurgery, trauma/neurocritical care, and neuro-oncology, among other things.|Pediatric neurosurgery is the most complicated one, dont you think?|If you entered this field, which fellowship would you be interested in ? Pediatric neurosurgery, neurovascular surgery, and skull-base surgery are among the options
Cod is the common name for the genus ''Gadus'' of demersal fishes, belonging to the family Gadidae.|I love to fish but i've never caught cod|Do you know the genus Gadus? It's a demersal fishes.|Hey, well I actually grew up in an area and have fished for cod before. They belong with the genus ''Gadus'', and they're quite large. Have you seen a whole one?|I see, have you ever caught any other demersal fish? Cod is a part of that "Gadus" genus.
The two most common species of cod are the Atlantic cod (''Gadus morhua''), which lives in the colder waters and deeper sea regions throughout the North Atlantic, and the Pacific cod (''Gadus macrocephalus''), found in both eastern and western regions of the northern Pacific.|no, i don't think so! I would like to know more :)|The two most common cod species are the Atlantic cod and the Pacific cod.|Well there are two main types, the Atlantic cod and the Pacific cod. I think you an guess where each type lives? :)|Well there the two most common cod species would be the Atlantic cod and the Pacific cod.
Dry cod may be prepared as unsalted stockfish, as cured salt cod or clipfish.|I'm really close to Atlantic ocean so tell me more about Atlantic cod|Well, I know that dry cod can be prepared as stockfish, cured salt cod, or clipfish.|Well traditionally is can be cured in salt, which preserves the fish. Have you ever eaten fresh cod?|I don't have anything else about the Atlantic cod but have you heard of dry cod? It can be prepared as cured salt cod, clipfish, or unsalted stockfish.
Cod is popular as a food with a mild flavour and a dense, flaky, white flesh.|No, I know cod is eaten but is it that popular to be prepared in different ways?|I'm not sure, but it's popular as a food with a mild flavour and a dense, flaky, white flesh.|Haha, I mean cooked fresh! Not raw, although I'm sure some people do. When it's cooked or fired it has a delicious mild flavor and flaky flesh.|Well, it is popular as a food due to its mild flavor as well as dense, flaky white flesh.
Allergies, also known as allergic diseases, are a number of conditions caused by hypersensitivity of the immune system to something in the environment that usually causes little or no problem in most people.|I'm allergic to bees so I have to carry an epi-pen with me everywhere.|Oh, that's nice. Allergies are caused by the immune system being hypersensitive to something in the environment.|Theres a species of stingless bees, so they woul;d be safe for you; i'm not sure where to find them.|Woah. So, by "allergy" you mean you have a hypersensitivity in your immune system to bee stings?
Some species including honey bees, bumblebees, and stingless bees live socially in colonies.|Yes, that's right. I know bees have a very good purpose, though, so I don't get too upset with them.|Some species of bees live in colonies.|My eight month old daughter picked up a hairy bumblebee the other day and it stung her palm, I was so upset.|Ah, cool. Several species of bee, including stingless bees, live in colonies.
Bumblebee is a fictional character from the Transformers franchise.|Too bad they're not all stingless. I've been stuck by a bumblebee before; it's very painful.|I see, did you know that Bumblebee is a fictional character from the Transformers franchise?|You probably had to  go to the hospital after being stung. Too bad the bumblebee from Transformers couldn't have driven you.|Sounds bad. On the other hand, are you familiar with Bumblebee from the Transformers?
He is the leader of the Autobots, a fictional group of sentient robots that can transform into other forms (e.g.|Yes, He is my favorite transformer. He is so sweet. I like Optimus Prime, too.|Ah, he's the leader of the Autobots, a group of sentient robots that can transform into other forms.|Optimus Prime has to be the best transformer. The new movies with Shia LaBeouf were excellent.|Ah, OK, he's the Autobot leader, right?
The film, which combines computer animation with live-action filming, was directed by Michael Bay, with Steven Spielberg serving as executive producer.|Yeah, I really like the new Transformers movies.|Cool, did you know that the movie combines live-action filming with computer animation?|Michael Bay directed the one with Shia and I prefer Mark Wahlberg as an actor. I wonder why they switched actors like that.|You mean the live-action/computer animation blend directed by Michael Bay?
Instagram is a mobile, desktop, and Internet-based photo-sharing application and service that allows users to share pictures and videos either publicly, or privately to pre-approved followers.|I spend a lot of time on Instagram. It's probably my most used social media app|Oh, cool! Did you know it's a photo sharing application?||Yes, Instagram is an internet photo sharing app. It lets so many people have the ability to share their lives, by pictures and videos, to their followers.
It was created by Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger, and launched in October 2010 as a free mobile app exclusively for the iOS operating system.|I've been using it for a while, but I'm not sure when it was created|It was created by Mike Krieger and Kevin Systrom.||It actually was created by Kevin Sytrom and Mike Krieger in October 2010.
It is owned by Facebook.|Wow, so it's been around a while. Is it more popular than other social media apps?|I'm not sure, but Facebook owns it.|Well, it's actually owned by Facebook, which many people don't realize.|I don't actually know, but it is owned by Facebook.
Users can apply various digital filters to their images, and add locations through geotags.|I didn't know that. I wonder how many users Instagram has.|I'm not sure, but they can use different digital filters to add locations through geotags.|I'm not really sure how many users. I know that the use of the digital filters on photos and adding locations with geotags has made it so popular.|I'm not sure, but I do know that users can use filters on their images, and they can also add location tags.
The process involves a healthcare provider submitting, and following up on, claims with health insurance companies in order to receive payment for services rendered; such as treatments and investigations.|medical bills are too expensive! i cant keep up.|I see, did you know that the process involves submitting claims with health insurance companies?|I know its also stressful for health care providers who have to submit and follow up on claims with health insurance companies, so they can receive money for the services they performed.|I see, did you know to get payment for services, healthcare providers also do things like submitting and following up claims to health insurance companies?
For several decades, medical billing was done almost entirely on paper.|No, but I can see why it is stressful for them too I guess. I just wish it wasn't so expensive, they can probably just punch it through without worry on the web.|I'm not sure, but they did medical billing almost entirely on paper for a long time.||Do you receive your bills on paper still?
However, with the advent of medical practice management software, also known as health information systems, it has become possible to efficiently manage large amounts of claims.|Yes, I usually do. Some are paperless though.|I see, did you know that with the advent of software called health information systems, medical practice management is becoming possible?||At least medical software has made it easier to manage claims.
Certification schools are intended to provide a theoretical grounding for students entering the medical billing field.|Have you ever managed a claim?|No, I'm a bot, so I can't do that. I know that certification schools are intended to provide a theoretical grounding for students entering the medical billing field.|No, I barley started attending Certification school, so I can enter the medical billing field.|No, but if one wished to enter the medical billing field, a certification school can provide theoretical groundings.
Medical billers are encouraged, but not required by law, to become certified by taking an exam such as the CMRS Exam, RHIA Exam and others.|Ah I see, I'm not interested if you were implying that. Also certification school, so medical billers need certification?|I'm not sure, but they are encouraged to take an exam, but not required by law.|I know, its not required that I go, but its encouraged.|Well, it is an encouraged thing to do but the law does not require it.
A cardigan is a type of knitted garment (sweater) that has an open front.|i wear cardigans because i hope it makes me look more cultured .)|Oh, cool! Do you wear a knitted garment with an open front?|I like sweaters because I like knitted clothing . They're warm and cozy in my opinion.|Oh, is that so? Cardigans are the sweaters with the open front, right?
Commonly cardigans have buttons: a garment that is tied is instead considered a robe.|from what I understand, Cardigans have buttons, to distinguish from others|Oh, I see. Commonly cardigans have buttons, like a robe, instead of a garment that is tied.||Yeah, I think cardigans that don't have buttons would be considered robes.
A more modern version of the garment has no buttons and hangs open by design.|hmm, never knew that|I'm not sure, but a more modern version of the garment has no buttons.||There are some versions that just hang open by design I think.
The name 'Cardigan' is an anglicised variation of the Welsh placename Ceredigion.|so where did the cardigan first appear?|I'm not sure, but the name is a variation of the Welsh placename Ceredigion.|I believe it is a Welsh name Ceredigion , but an anglicised version|I'm not sure, but I believe it is a Welsh name Ceredigion, but an anglicized version.
Dylan's Candy Bar is a chain of boutique candy shops and candy supplier currently located in New York City; East Hampton, New York; Los Angeles, Chicago and Miami Beach, as well as in wholesale venues around the globe.|Have you ever heard of something called Dylan's Candy Bar?|I have not but I know that it's a chain of boutique candy shops and candy suppliers.|Do you know that Dylan's Candy Bar is a chain of boutique candy shops and candy ?|I have! It's a chain of boutique candy stores found in several cities.
It is owned by Dylan Lauren, daughter of fashion designer Ralph Lauren.|I didn't know that.  How long have they been around?|I'm not sure, but they're owned by Dylan Lauren, daughter of Ralph Lauren.||I'm not sure but it was founded by Dylan Lauren, daughter of fashion designer Ralph Lauren.
Lauren was inspired to create the store, which is asserted to be the ''largest unique candy store in the world'', by the Roald Dahl story of ''Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory''.|Oh wow that is so interesting.  Do you know how many stores they have around?|I'm not sure, but they are the ''largest unique candy store in the world''.|Her inspiration is to create the largest unique candy store in the world''|I do not, but I do know that Lauren's inspiration was to be the largest unique store for candy anywhere.
It stocks 7,000 candies from around the world.|what type of unique stuff do they have?|I'm not sure, but they have 7,000 candies from around the world.|The shop stocks 7,000 candies from around the world.It's a record number|Well, they have 7,000 candies from all over the world.
The New York City store, located on 60th Street and 3rd Avenue, is the flagship store.|Thats amazing!  I love candy.  I am going to have to look it up and see if there might be one close to me.|I'm not sure, but it's located on 60th Street and 3rd Avenue.|Well, if you stay in New York you can visit the nearest shop at 60th Street and 3rd Avenue, is the flagship store.|Well, if you stay in New York you can visit the nearest shop at 60th Street and 3rd Avenue; it's the flagship store.
American football, referred to as football in the United States and Canada, and also known as gridiron football or simply gridiron, is a team sport played by two teams of eleven players on a rectangular field with goalposts at each end.|watching football is one of my favorite things to do.|Oh, cool! Did you know that it's a team sport played by two teams of eleven players?|I'm not a huge fan of American football, or the gridiron.|Since you like watching football, you might already know that it is also known as gridiron football
American football evolved in the United States, originating from the sports of association football and rugby football.|I really just like watching my local team.|Oh, nice. American football started out in the US.||American football actually originated from rugby football.
The first match of American football was played on November 6, 1869, between two college teams, Rutgers and Princeton, under rules based on the association football rules of the time.|OH really? I didn't know that!|I'm not sure, but the first American football match was played in 1869.|Yes! And the first match was played in 1869 between 2 college teams.|And the first match was played in 1869 between 2 college teams.
Both games have their origin in varieties of football played in Britain in the mid-19th century, in which a football is kicked at a goal or kicked over a line, which in turn were based on the varieties of English public school football games.|Wow I didn't realize this sport was that old|I don't know about that but the two games have their origins in football games played in Britain in the mid-19th century.|Yes, its been around for quite a while. SInce the mid 19th century in Britain|And another fact is that the game originated from varieties of football that was played in Britain during the 19th century
American football, referred to as football in the United States and Canada, and also known as gridiron football or simply gridiron, is a team sport played by two teams of eleven players on a rectangular field with goalposts at each end.|I guess they had to figure out stuff to do to keep them entertained.|I'm not sure, but American football is also called gridiron football.|That's true. Football is also popular in Canada. There are 11 players on each team.|Have you ever been to Canada ? There American football is also referred as football
The process involves a healthcare provider submitting, and following up on, claims with health insurance companies in order to receive payment for services rendered; such as treatments and investigations.|I was bilked so much medically last time|That's nice. Do you submit and follow up claims with health insurance companies?|oh god, do you have health insurance.|That's too bad. There's a process involved in medical billing. The provider submits claims to the health insurance company for payment.
The process involves a healthcare provider submitting, and following up on, claims with health insurance companies in order to receive payment for services rendered; such as treatments and investigations.|Well, I did not have health insurance.|Oh, OK. I know that the process involves submitting claims with health insurance companies.|medicaal illing is essential in USA. And also health insurance is vey important for all. We need to claim with insurance company and recie the payment|Oh, I see. I don't know the process when the patient has no insurance, but if they do the provider receives payment from the insurance provider for their services.
In the United States, Medicare is a single-payer, national social insurance program administered by the U.S. federal government since 1966, currently using about 30–50 private insurance companies across the United States under contract for administration.|Do you know any insurance company I can use|I don't know any insurance companies, but I know that Medicare is a national social insurance program administered by the US federal government since 1966.|YEs buddy, Medicare it is a single payer, national insurance company from1966|I don't know if you can use it, but Medicare is a single payer insurance program run by the federal government.
It also provides health insurance to younger people with some disability status as determined by the Social Security Administration, as well as people with end stage renal disease and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.|OK, can you tell me more|Sure, it also provides health insurance to younger people with some disability status as determined by the Social Security Administration.|sure, It provides health insurance for 65 aged and older people, and also for younger people with some disability,as well as with end stage of renal disease|Sure, it younger people are eligible for it if they have certain disabilities, or if they have end-stage renal disease and ALS.
In the United States, health insurance is any program that helps pay for medical expenses, whether through privately purchased insurance, social insurance or a social welfare program funded by the government.|Wow, they have good services|I see, did you know that health insurance is a program that helps pay for medical expenses in the US?|Yes, oth government and private health insurance aret there.What type of health insurance are you going to take.|Well, there is also private health insurance.
Green is the color between blue and yellow on the visible spectrum.|This is interesting as my favorite color really is green!|Cool, did you know that green is between yellow and blue on the visible spectrum?|Green is the color between blue and the color yellow. I tis on the visible spectrum.|I see, examining the visible spectrum, green would be found between yellow and blue.
It is evoked by light which has a dominant wavelength of roughly 495570 nm.|Yes, it is. I like all shades of green, but lean towards a green apple green.|Oh, that's nice. It's evoked by light, which has a dominant wavelength of 495570 nm.|It is evoked in light which has a dominate wavelength that measure of 495570 NM.hat|Neat, did you also know its evoked from dominant wavelengths of light that are approximately 495570 nm?
Many creatures have adapted to their green environments by taking on a green hue themselves as camouflage.|Well, that is a lot of technical info I'm unsure about so I guess no? LOL. Also is light being emitted by the animals that are green?|I'm not sure, but many creatures have adapted to their green environments by taking on a green hue as a camouflage.|Many creatures have learned to change their green to their environments by adopting green hues themselves and camouflage.|I don't know about the light details for animals but they many are green because they adapted to their green environments. Their green hues then become a camouflage for them.
It also has a long historical tradition as the color of Ireland and of Gaelic culture.|Yes, I know of this, but wonder, still, if color preference has any indication of a person's personality.|I'm not sure, but it has a long history as well as as its culture.|It is also a long history tradition  as the Ireland and Gaelic culture.|I don't know if there's a connection between green and personality, but you may be interested to know its the historical color of Gaelic and Ireland culture.
It is one of the major forms of throwing sports.|I really like bowling but I have not done it in awhile. Has anything changed about it?|I haven't got a clue. I know that it's one of the major throwing sports.|Bowling is one of major throwing sports. It has not changed|Bowling is one of major throwing sports.
In pin bowling variations, the target is usually to knock over pins at the end of a lane.|That's cool! So I can just get started again. :) Do you know much about bowling?|I know that pin bowling is usually knocked over pins at the end of a lane.|I am knowledgeable. In bowling your target is to knock all pins in the lane.|Well, I do have some facts about pin bowling, in this variation your target it to knock pins located at the end of the lane
The maximum score is 300, which is achieved by getting 12 strikes in a row.|Oh yeah? What happens if you don't hit any pins?|I'm not sure, but the maximum score is 300, and 12 strikes in a row.|If you will make a strike when you don't hit any pins.|I know that if you get 12 strikes in a row you will achieve the maximum score, but I don't know what happens when no pins are hit
A strike is when all the pins are knocked down on the first roll, whereas a spare is when all the pins are knocked over on the second shot.|Oh, I thought a strike was when you hit all the pins. I did not know that. :)|Yeah, a strike is when all the pins are knocked down on the first roll, while a spare is when all the pins are knocked over on the second shot.||You are right. I made a typing error.  A strike is when all the pins are knocked down.
The maximum score is 300, which is achieved by getting 12 strikes in a row.|Ok, that makes more sense. What else can you tell me?|Well, I can tell you that the maximum score is 300, which is achieved by getting 12 strikes in a row.||You can get a maximum score of 300. You do this by getting 12 strikes in a row.
Elvis Aaron Presley (January 8, 1935 – August 16, 1977) was an American singer, musician, and actor.|I like to listen to Elvis Presley's songs.  Do you?|I'm a bot, so I can't listen to music. I know he was an American singer, actor, and musician.|I love Elvis Presley, he was an amazing singer, musician, and actor. Don't you think so?|I don't but know of him, he's an American actor, musician and singer.
Regarded as one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century, he is often referred to as the ''King of Rock and Roll'' or simply ''the King''.|Yeah exactly, but he had another title if you know what I'm talking about?|He's considered one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century.|I wish I could of been there for that, I bet it's amazing! It's no wonder that he is the King of Rock. With all his hit songs|Of course, he has names like "the King" or "King of Rock and Roll"!
Craps is a dice game in which the players make wagers on the outcome of the roll, or a series of rolls, of a pair of dice.|His daughter was a lucky girl to have such a loving father!|That's nice. Craps is a dice game where the players make wagers on the outcome of the roll.|I wonder if he ever played Craps?|Do you think he played Craps with her? It's that dice game where one bets on the roll outcome.
The Las Vegas Valley as a whole serves as the leading financial, commercial, and cultural center for Nevada.|I don't know.  He did spend a lot of time in Las Vegas, so maybe they did.|Yeah, the Las Vegas Valley is the leading financial, commercial, and cultural center for Nevada.|I don't know for sure but I bet he would have tried to be the King of Vegas. if he was still around.|Yeah, perhaps it was because the Las Vegas Valley is Nevada's financial, cultural, and commercial center.
It is considered an example of a vanity label, where an artist is able to run a label with some degree of independence from within a larger parent company—in this case, Interscope Records was the parent company.|I think he would have been an artist in residence there for sure.|I don't know about that but I know that Interscope Records was the parent company.|Yeah it's really sad that he died so young in 1977.|Yeah, perhaps he would have a vanity label, those are labels with some independence from larger parent companies.
Elvis Aaron Presley (January 8, 1935 – August 16, 1977) was an American singer, musician, and actor.|Elvis is such an icon in the music world.|Did you know he was born on January 8, 1935?|I just love him too!! He was born in January just like me|Is that so? I know he was an actor as well as a singer and musician.
Regarded as one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century, he is often referred to as the ''King of Rock and Roll'' or simply ''the King''.|He resembles confidence in many ways|He's considered one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century.|Indeed.  He is definitely regarded as one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century.  Sure thats why we call him the king!|Cool. He's also considered one of the most important cultural figures of the 20th century.
Accompanied by guitarist Scotty Moore and bassist Bill Black, Presley was a pioneer of rockabilly, an uptempo, backbeat-driven fusion of country music and rhythm and blues.|I agree with you, and his legacy will always be here.|I see, did you know he pioneered rockabilly?|It will.  H was a pioner of rockabilly, an uptempo, backbeat-driven fusion of country music and rhythm and blues.  Where would the music world be without his influence?|He was a pioneer of rockabilly, along with his bassist, Bill Black, and guitarist, Scotty Moore.
Rock and roll dominated popular music in the mid 1950s and late 1950s, and quickly spread to much of the rest of the world.|Yes, history is important.|Yeah, rock and roll dominated popular music in the mid 1950s and late 1950s.|I just love finding out about old music.  Especially from the 1950s.  Finding out about how rock and roll dominated popular music and spread around the world.  What a time to be living!!|Well, for some music history, rock and roll was the dominant popular music in the mid-to-late 1950s.
The island's geography comprises relatively low-lying mountains surrounding a central plain, with several navigable rivers extending inland.|I have always wanted to visit Ireland. I wonder what it is like.|I'm not sure, but I know that it has a few navigable rivers that extend inland.||Ireland is comprised of relatively low-lying mountains surrounding a central plain, with several navigable rivers extending inland.
The island has lush vegetation, a product of its mild but changeable climate which is free of extremes in temperature.|I always see so much greenery and land when I see pictures of it.|That's nice. It's also mild but also a product of a climate that is free of extremes in temperature.||Oh yes, Ireland has lush vegetation which is a product of its mild but changeable climate which is free of extremes in temperature.
There are twenty-six extant mammal species native to Ireland.|I think it is so magical. I wonder if they really have elves.|I'm not sure, but there are 26 extant mammal species that are native to Ireland.|I'm not sure, but maybe fairies are one of the twenty-six extant mammal species native to Ireland.|I'm not sure, but they do have 26 existing mammal species that are native.
In 2011, the population of Ireland was about 6.6 million, ranking it the second-most populous island in Europe after Great Britain.|I wonder what mammals they do have.|I'm not sure, but I know that Ireland was the second-most populous island in Europe after Great Britain.||Well, Ireland has humans. In fact the the population of humans in Ireland was about 6.6 million, ranking it the second-most populous island in Europe after Great Britain.
Ireland is the third-largest island in Europe.|How interesting! I think Ireland will definitely be on my radar for my next vacation.|Oh, that's nice. I know it's the third largest island in Europe.|You'll have a great time in Ireland, the third-largest island in Europe.|OK, it's the third largest island in Europe.
Regarded as one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century, he is often referred to as the ''King of Rock and Roll'' or simply ''the King''.|Do you think Elvis Presley is truly still the king after all this time?|I'm not sure, but he's considered one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century.|I think he is still one of the most significant cultural icons today. No doubt about it.|I couldn't say, personally, but in general he is regarded as one of the 20th century's biggest cultural icons.
Accompanied by guitarist Scotty Moore and bassist Bill Black, Presley was a pioneer of rockabilly, an uptempo, backbeat-driven fusion of country music and rhythm and blues.|Personally I always preferred Johnny Cash over Elvis but you cannot deny that he had the moves|He was a pioneer of rockabilly, a fusion of country and blues.|I mean he was a pioneer of uptempo rockabilly music. It don't get much better than that.|Well, he was one of the pioneers of rockabilly music.
Presley's first RCA single, ''Heartbreak Hotel'', was released in January 1956 and became a number one hit in the United States.|Do you know of any of this songs?|I know of the first RCA single, "Heartbreak Hotel".|My favorite was his first single called ''Heartbreak Hotel''.|Yes, his first RCA single was Heartbreak Hotel in 1956.
His music career began there in 1954, recording at Sun Records with producer Sam Phillips, who wanted to bring the sound of African American music to a wider audience.|Nice, I always get into Hounddog when I hear it.|Oh, yeah? He started his career there in 1954.|That was a great song. You have to admire him for taking African American music global.|That's cool. Did you know he started his music career in 1954? He was with Sun Records then.
Elvis Aaron Presley (January 8, 1935 – August 16, 1977) was an American singer, musician, and actor.|No, that's interesting. When was he born?|He was born on January 8, 1935.|He became even more popular with the ladies when he got into acting.|He was born in 1935.
Cheerleading is an activity wherein the participants (referred to as ''cheerleaders'') cheer for their team as a form of encouragement.|Do you like cheerleading?|I'm a bot, so I can't do cheerleading. I know it's an activity where the participants cheer for their team as a form of encouragement.|yes, is an activity the cheerleader cheer for their team as a form of encouragement|I actually don't have opinions about it. But I do know that this activity is all about cheering for teams as a form of encouragement
It can range from chanting slogans to intense physical activity.|I used to do cheerleading in middle school, have you ever participated in the sport?|No, I'm a bot, so I can't do cheerleading. I know that it can range from chanting slogans to intense physical activity.|yes, cheerleading do more of physical activity.|That would not be possible for a bot like me. When you used to do cheerleading, was it chanting slogans or intense physical activity?
It can be performed to motivate sports teams, entertain the audience, or for competition.|It definitely involved a lot of physical activity.|It can be performed to motivate sports teams, entertain the audience, or for competition.|i like it because they motivate sports teams, entertain the audience, or for competition.|Cool, did you perform it for competition or just to motivate sports teams?
Competitive routines typically range anywhere from one to three minutes, and contain components of tumbling, dance, jumps, cheers, and stunting.|We went to several competitions|I see, did you know that competitive routines can range from one to three minutes?|yes, they dance, jumps, cheers, and stunting.|Impressive. About competitions, I know that competitive routines can range from one to three minutes.
Cheerleading originated in the United States, and remains predominantly in America, with an estimated 1.5 million participants in all-star cheerleading.|Yes, it takes a lot of practice to do.|Cheerleading originated in the US, and remains predominantly in America.|do you know that cheerleading originated from US|Did you know that cheerleading originated in the US?
Instagram is a mobile, desktop, and Internet-based photo-sharing application and service that allows users to share pictures and videos either publicly, or privately to pre-approved followers.|I hate to admit it but I spend way too much time on Instagram!|Oh, Instagram! It's a photo sharing application and service that allows users to share pictures and videos publicly.|i use it for sharing photos and videos|That's the service where you share videos and photos with people, right?
It is owned by Facebook.|Yes, what else do you know about it?|It's owned by Facebook.|a decent amount. you know it is owned by facebook?|I know that it's owned by Facebook.
It was created by Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger, and launched in October 2010 as a free mobile app exclusively for the iOS operating system.|is it really? no i did not know that. that is a really cool fact. any other interesting tid bits?|I'm not sure, but it was created by Mike Krieger and Kevin Systrom.|it was created in 2010 and only available on the iphone at first|It was created in 2010 and only available on the iPhone at first.
Following a number of notable leaks, the iPhone 4 was first unveiled on June 7, 2010, at Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference in San Francisco, and was released on June 24, 2010, in the United States, United Kingdom, France, Germany and Japan.|do you remember which iphone was the biggest seller in 2010?|I'm not sure, but the iPhone 4 was unveiled in 2010 at Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference in San Francisco.|i believe it was the iphone 4 in 2010|I do not, but that was the year that the iPhone 4 was released.
Launched in 2012, it had sold about 70 million units by 2015.|i remember i had a iphone 4s. that was the only one i tried, im  more of an android person.|Oh, that's nice. Did you know that by 2015, the company sold 70 million units?|i have never used an android phone before|Oh, I see. There was something that was released in 2012 that by 2015 had sold 70 million units.
Military ranks are a system of hierarchical relationships in armed forces, police, intelligence agencies or other institutions organized along military lines.|Field marshal is the highest military rank|I see, well, military ranks are a system of hierarchical relationships in armed forces, police, intelligence agencies or other institutions organized along military lines.|Yeah! Had it ever been attained?  Military ranks are a system of hierarchical relationships in armed forces, police, intelligence agencies or other institutions|Is that so? I know that military ranks are found in various services, like the armed forces, police and intelligence agencies.
Military ranks and the military rank system define among others dominance, authority, as well as roles and responsibility in a military hierarchy.|That is true|I see, well the rank system defines dominance, authority, and also roles in the military hierarchy.|Its based on dominance, authority, as well as roles and responsibility in a military hierarchy.|OK. The rank system defines who has authority and what roles and responsibilities people have.
The military rank system incorporates the principles of exercising power and authority, and the military chain of command – the succession of commanders superior to subordinates through which command is exercised – constructs an important component for organized collective action.|That is true. There is so much respect for ranks and hierarchy in the military|I see, well the military ranks incorporate the principles of exercising power and authority.|Its truly a chsin of command based on principles of exercising power and authority, and the military chain of command – the succession of commanders superior to subordinates through which command is exercised|Well, the chain of command is an important component for organizing action collectively.
The Imperial Roman army are the terrestrial armed forces deployed by the Roman Empire from about 30 BC to 476 AD.|That is true|The Imperial Roman army is the terrestrial armed forces deployed by the Roman Empire from about 30 BC to 476 AD.|Intetestingly,Imperial Roman army are the terrestrial armed forces deployed by the Roman Empire from about 30 BC to 476 AD.|Are you familiar with the Imperial Roman Army? It operated from about 30 BC to about 476 AD.
A paramedic is a healthcare professional, predominantly in the pre-hospital and out-of-hospital environment, and working mainly as part of emergency medical services (EMS), such as on an ambulance.|Hi. I think it takes a special person to be a paramedic.|I don't know about that but they are healthcare professionals.|I agree. What an admirable healthcare profession.|Oh, yeah? They mostly operate in pre-hospital and out-of-hospital environments.
The Big Five personality traits, also known as the five factor model (FFM), is a model based on common language descriptors of personality.|They have to stay calm and professional in all situations.|I see, did you know that the Big Five personality traits are based on common language descriptors of personality?|Yes and know. But it is a part of the Big Five personality traits model.|Have you ever heard of the Big Five, or five factor model of personality traits?
The Big Five personality traits, also known as the five factor model (FFM), is a model based on common language descriptors of personality.|I am not familiar with the Big Five personality traits model. Could you explain it to me?|Well, the Big Five personality traits are based on common language descriptors of personality.||Yes, it is a model that describes personality traits.
When factor analysis (a statistical technique) is applied to personality survey data, some words used to describe aspects of personality are often applied to the same person.|What are the Big Five?|I'm not sure, but factor analysis is a statistical technique.|I'm not sure about all of them, but I do know that conscientious is one of them.|I don't really know their names. There is a statistical technique called factor analysis involved that is applied to survey data.
A paramedic is a healthcare professional, predominantly in the pre-hospital and out-of-hospital environment, and working mainly as part of emergency medical services (EMS), such as on an ambulance.|I wonder how a paramedic would be described in that model.|I'm not sure, but I know that they're mostly in the pre-hospital and out-of-hospital environment.|I agree, especially since they work in emergency services.|I'm not sure, but they do mostly work in emergency medical services, like in an ambulance.
A drama school, stage school or theatre school is an undergraduate and/or graduate school or department at a college or university; or a free-standing institution (such as the Drama section at the Juilliard School); which specializes in the pre-professional training in drama and theatre arts, such as acting, design and technical theatre, arts administration, and related subjects.|My dream is to be a famous actress|Oh, that's nice. Do you have any special training in theatre and drama arts?|Really? you should attend a Drama school where they train you in drama and theatre arts, such as acting.|Really? Have you ever gone to drama school? They teach things like acting, design, arts administration, and similar things.
Entry to drama school is usually through a competitive audition process.|How does someone get into drama school?|I'm not sure, but I know that entry to drama school is usually through a competitive audition.|There are many you should research on the internet.  Entry is usually through a competitive audition process though|Usually to get in, you have to go through an audition.
Auditions usually involve the performance of monologues and group workshops, and may also include a singing activity.|Do you know the name of a topmost drama school?|I don't, but I know that auditoriums usually involve the performance of monologues and group workshops.|I don;t remember.  But audition usually involve the performance of monologues and group workshops, so you should be prepared for that.|I do not, but I do know the auditions are usually monologues and group workshops, though there may also be singing.
A drama school, stage school or theatre school is an undergraduate and/or graduate school or department at a college or university; or a free-standing institution (such as the Drama section at the Juilliard School); which specializes in the pre-professional training in drama and theatre arts, such as acting, design and technical theatre, arts administration, and related subjects.|What type of drama is performed in the school?|I'm not sure, but I know that there is a drama school, stage school, or theatre school that specializes in pre-professional training in the drama and theatre arts.|All type of drama and also design and technical theatre.  One I would recommend is Juillard School.|I don't know, specifically. They're usually a university school or department, or part of a free-standing school like Julliard.
American football, referred to as football in the United States and Canada, and also known as gridiron football or simply gridiron, is a team sport played by two teams of eleven players on a rectangular field with goalposts at each end.|I love american football, it is so great!|Oh, that's nice. It's a team sport played by two teams of eleven players on a rectangular field.|I quite like American football or gridiron as well.|I see, so you like gridiron football, as it is called that as well.
American football, referred to as football in the United States and Canada, and also known as gridiron football or simply gridiron, is a team sport played by two teams of eleven players on a rectangular field with goalposts at each end.|Yeah I mean it should just be called football though, its funny the rest of the world call football soccer|Oh, that's cool. It's a team sport played by two teams of eleven players on a rectangular field.|It kinda makes sense, since American football or gridiron doesn't involve the foot that much.|It doe kind of make sense on being called gridiron since it has goalposts for both ends of the field.
American football, referred to as football in the United States and Canada, and also known as gridiron football or simply gridiron, is a team sport played by two teams of eleven players on a rectangular field with goalposts at each end.|Yeah but in america we do what we want, its like living in Ancient Rome. We get to call our American sports what we want and every one has to accept it.|That's nice. American football is also called gridiron football.|That must be nice haha. It involves two teams and a rectangular field.|So, do you have any changes or do you like how it is two teams playing on a rectangular field?
American football, referred to as football in the United States and Canada, and also known as gridiron football or simply gridiron, is a team sport played by two teams of eleven players on a rectangular field with goalposts at each end.|I think the current setup is almost perfect, maybe add another player though.|Oh, that's nice. American football is also called gridiron football.|It might be that american football has caused brain damage and concussions and all that.|Interesting, so you wish to add another when both teams have 11 on the field already?
Skiing has a history of almost five millennia.|Do you like skiing?|I'm a bot, so I can't ski. I know that it's been around for almost 5 millennia.|Hi, Do you li ke sk  iing.It's been around for almost five thousand years.|I'm neutral on skiing, but did you know that it has been around for around 5000 years?
Skiing can be a means of transport, a recreational activity or a competitive winter sport in which the participant uses skis to glide on snow.|Really 5000? And yeah I love it, especially during the winter for the mix of adrenaline against the cold weather.|I'm not sure, but skiing can be a sport for the participants to use skis to glide on snow.|It's not just for recreeation, it is also done for competition and for transporting activities.|That sounds interesting, do you it for just recreation or also for transportation and competition?
It comes from the Old Norse word ''skíð'' which means ''split piece of wood or firewood''.|Just recreationally here, I watch the competitions during the Olympics. Do you know where the word ski comes from?|I don't know where the word comes from, but it comes from the Old Norse word ''sk'' which means ''split piece of wood or firewood''.|The word comes from Old Norse word skio and mean split wood or firewood.|Oh yeah, so you know Old Norse? Well they had a word, "skio", it meant "split piece of firewood or wood" and that is where ski came from.
The first depiction of a skier with two ski poles dates to 1741.|I did not know that, who is your favorite skier?|I'm a bot, so I don't have favorites. I know that the first depiction of a skier with two ski poles dates back to 1741.||Don't really have one. The first skier on two poles dates back to 1741 I believe.
Cross-country skiing is a form of skiing where skiers rely on their own locomotion to move across snow-covered terrain, rather than using ski lifts or other forms of assistance.|Wow that is a long time ago.|I see, do you use your own locomotion to move across snow-covered terrain?|Cross country skiing is interesting, where the skier relies on their own locomotion to move across snow covered terrain|Yeah, also are you a fan of cross country? Its the skiing form where the skier uses their own motions to move over the snow instead of using a lift or something like that.
It is owned by Facebook.|I feel like Instagram is such a huge trend right now, but I've never used it! Are you familiar with it?|I know that Facebook owns it.|Yes, I have an Instagram account and use it everyday. The only bad thing is it is owned by Facebook.|Well, I know that Facebook owns it.
Instagram lets registered users upload photos or videos to the service.|Oh, I didn't realize that. What else can you tell me about it?|Well, Instagram lets registered users upload photos or videos to the service.|I like that you can easily share photos without a clunky interface. It is basically a photo and video service.|If you are a registered user, you can upload photos and videos.
Instagram is a mobile, desktop, and Internet-based photo-sharing application and service that allows users to share pictures and videos either publicly, or privately to pre-approved followers.|Oh okay, so every post has to have either a picture or video? Does Instagram offer filters for pictures?|I'm not sure, but Instagram is a photo sharing application and service that allows users to share pictures and videos either publicly or privately.|Yes there are filters in Instagram. It is also a mobile and desktop app.|I'm not sure, though you can share videos and photos either publicly or to a select set of followers.
It was created by Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger, and launched in October 2010 as a free mobile app exclusively for the iOS operating system.|When was Instagram developed? I fear I'm really far behind on this trend!|I'm not sure, but it was created by Mike Krieger and Kevin Systrom.||Instagram was released in 2010 for iOS.
It was created by Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger, and launched in October 2010 as a free mobile app exclusively for the iOS operating system.|Do you know how many people use Instagram?|I'm not sure, but it was created by Mike Krieger and Kevin Systrom.|I have no idea how many people use it.  But I do know mostly the younger crowd use it. The person who created it is named Kevin Systrom.|I have no idea how many people use it. But I know that Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger created it.
Popcorn, or pop corn, is a variety of corn kernel, which forcefully expands and puffs up when heated.|I love sneaking in popcorn into movie theaters.|Oh, cool! Popcorn is a variety of corn kernels.|I love popcorn. the corn kernel expand and puffs up with heat. Something so simple.|Is that so? Do you watch the popcorn kernels puff out forcefully when heated?
Archaeologists discovered that people have known about popcorn for thousands of years.|Yep, so simple, yet so tasty. How long has popcorn been around, anyway?|I'm not sure, but archaeologists have been around for thousands of years.|Love butter. It has been found that people have known about popcorn for thousands of years. Archaeologists have determined this.|Archaeologists have found that people knew of popcorn for thousands of years.
Corn was first domesticated 9,000 years ago in what is now Mexico.|I don't think they had movie theaters that long ago, I wondered what they watched when eating popcorn.|I'm not sure, but corn was first domesticated 9,000 years ago in Mexico.|That made me laugh. I could see popcorn being figured out as accident. I mean corn was first cultivated dating back 9000 years in Mexico.|Well, I don't know. What I do know is that corn itself was domesticated about 9,000 years ago, in Mexico.
Some strains of corn (taxonomized as ''Zea mays'') are cultivated specifically as popping corns.|Wow, that's a long time ago. Is popcorn its own "type" of corn?|I'm not sure, but some corn strains are cultivated specifically as popping corns.||There are certain strains of corn they cultivate to make popping corn. Its called ''zea mays''.
Bowling is a sport or leisure activity in which a player rolls or throws a bowling ball towards a target.|I am a professional bowler, I love the sport.|Cool, do you like to throw a bowling ball towards a target?|That is very impressive! I love to bowl but I am terrible. Bowling is a sport where a players rolls a ball towards a target and I was lucky to known down half of them! lol|So, what do you love about rolling a bowling ball towards the target ?
The maximum score is 300, which is achieved by getting 12 strikes in a row.|I love everything about it, I play it everyday|Oh, cool! Did you know that the maximum score is 300?||Wow! To achieve a score of 300 it means that you have 12 strikes in a row. Have you ever achieved this score?
One of the most infamous of splits is the 7–10 split, often called ''goal posts'' or ''bedposts'', where the bowler is left with the leftmost and the rightmost pin in the back row (the ''number 7'' and ''number 10'') to knock down with a single ball to achieve a spare.|Only a couple of times.  What's even hard is making a 7-10 split.|I see, did you know that the 7-10 split is one of the most infamous of splits?|The 7-10 split is one of the ''goal posts'' where you are left with the most left and right pin in the back row! Is it even possible?|Well, I do know that the 7-10 split is indeed one of the most infamous splits
This is also one of the most difficult splits to pick up.|You usually need some help from the surrounding structure to bounce the pin off of.|That's a very difficult split to pick up.|The 7-10 is known as a very difficult split to obtain!|And it is also a split very difficult to pick up
It is the day before Valentine's Day and Phil (Ty Burrell) and Claire (Julie Bowen) decide to bring back their alter egos, Clive Bixby and Julianna.|I've had my heart broken a few times, how about you?|I'm a bot, so I can't have heart problems. I know that it's the day before Valentine's Day.|I had my Heart broken more than a few times, no doubt. Especially on Valentine's Day.|I'm a bot without a heart to break. Incidentally, there is a movie based around Valentine's Day that stars Ty Burrell and Julie Bowen.
''Rough Day'' is a song by Australian recording artist Paulini, taken from her second studio album, ''Superwoman'' (2006).|Oh, OK. Valentine's Day is a rough day to have your heart broken.|Oh, that's nice. It's a song by Paulini, from Australia.|That's like rough day, the song|Speaking of rough day, have you ever heard the song Rough Day?
''Rough Day'' is a song by Australian recording artist Paulini, taken from her second studio album, ''Superwoman'' (2006).|I don't know that song, who sings it?|Paulini sings it from her second studio album, Superwoman.|It's an Australian guy, named Paulini.|It's by an Australian named Paulini.
Australian Idol was an Australian singing competition, which began its first season in July 2003 and ended its run in November 2009.|I'm really not familiar with much Australian music living here in the US. Do they have those singing competition shows?|I'm not sure, but I know that Australian Idol started its first season in July of 2003.|Nah I'm from Tennessee; I saw him on Australian idol once.|They had Australian Idol from 2003 to 2009. I don't know if they have others.
Harry Potter is a series of fantasy novels written by British author J. K. Rowling.|I love harry potter|Oh, that's nice. J.K. Rowling wrote it.|Harry Potter is pretty good! What's your Hogwarts housing? I'm a Hufflepuff!|You mean the fantasy novels by J. K. Rowling?
Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, shortened Hogwarts, is a fictional British school of magic for students aged eleven to eighteen, and is the primary setting for the first six books in J.K. Rowling's ''Harry Potter'' series.|Yes, I just love them.|Oh, that's nice. They're a fictional British magic school for students aged 11 to 18!|Ravenclaws are pretty cool. In general I wish I did go to Hogwarts, it's such a cool school!|So, the first six novels were set in Hogwarts, is that right?
Death Eaters are fictional characters in the ''Harry Potter'' series of novels and films.|Yes, it would have been cool to go there.|I see, did you know Death Eaters are fictional characters in the Harry Potter series of novels and films?|That's true! It'd be a little scary though since the Death Eaters would exist, same with Voldemort himself.|Are you familiar with the Death Eaters? I guess they were in the books as well.
In the ''Harry Potter'' series created by J. K. Rowling, magic is depicted as a supernatural force that can be used to override the usual laws of nature.|Yeah, they were pretty scary.|Yeah, in the Harry Potter series, magic is a supernatural force that can override nature's usual laws.|Oh that's true! We can use the best magic spells on them too to override them!|Characters would also use magic, which was able to supersede the natural laws.
Nickelback is a Canadian rock band formed in 1995 in Hanna, Alberta, Canada.|Did you ever get into nickelback? I never minded them, but they seem very hated for some reason|I'm a bot, so I can't listen to music. I know they formed in 1995 in Alberta.|Never really got into them but they are a Canadian rock band. They formed around 1995.|Never really got into them, but they are a Canadian rock band. They formed around 1995.
Nickelback is one of the most commercially successful Canadian groups, having sold more than 50 million albums worldwide and ranking as the eleventh best-selling music act, and the second best-selling foreign act in the U.S. of the 2000s, behind The Beatles.|Oh, I did not know they were around for that long, or even from Canada|They have sold over 50 million albums worldwide.|Nickleback is on of the most successful bands from Canada. They have sold over 50 million albums surprisingly enough.|Nickelback is on of the most successful bands from Canada. They have sold over 50 million albums, surprisingly enough.
They were listed number seven on the ''Billboard'' top artist of the decade, with four albums listed on the ''Billboard'' top albums of the decade.|That is a lot, but not as many as I expected, it is interesting because Thiller by Michael Jackson sold like 67 million if I recall correctly|I see, did you know they were number seven on the Billboard top artist of the decade?|Oh wow that is insane. Nickelback also have four albums on the Billboard top albums of the decade. They are also listed as number 7 on the Billboard top artist of the decade.|Impressive. Nickelback also has four albums on the top albums of the decade list from Billboard. They are also listed as number 7 on the top artist of the decade list, also from Billboard.
The band achieved commercial success with the release of their 2000 album ''The State'' and then they achieved mainstream success with the release of their 2001 album ''Silver Side Up''.|That is a surprise, but looking back, they do have a ton of songs I know the words to, so I suppose that makes sense|Yeah, and they achieved mainstream success with their album ''The State''.|I though the same. Nickelback achieved mainstream success from their 2011 album Silver Side Up. I believe that is when they blew up.|Have you ever listened to their album "The State", from 2000. They achieved commercial success releasing that one.
The offense, which is the team controlling the oval-shaped football, attempts to advance down the field by running with or passing the ball, while the defense, which is the team without control of the ball, aims to stop the offense's advance and aims to take control of the ball for themselves.|I used to like American Football a lot|Oh, OK. The offense, which is the team controlling the oval-shaped football, attempts to advance down the field by running with or passing the ball.|Me too, but not so much anymore.  I liked offense better than defense.|Oh, yeah? You don't watch the offense try to advance the oval-shaped ball while the defense tries to stop them?
Many spread offenses also employ a no-huddle approach.|I think I just liked it because my uncle did, we were 4 yrs apart and like brother and sister, we watched together|Oh, that's nice. Did you know that spread offenses also use no-huddle approach?|I loved it when my team went to the spread offense.   The no huddle approach is so exciting|Oh, I see. Well, teams that use the spread offense will often also use a no-huddle offense. Did you have a favorite team?
A quarterback (commonly abbreviated ''QB'') is a position in American and Canadian football.|I just remember the great teams of the early 80's the Cowboys, Steelers, but loved the Vikings, even though they were not very popular|I see, well a quarterback is a position in both American and Canadian football.|What year were you a vikings fan?  I remember Daunte Culpepper as their quarterback, and warren moon too|Ah, gotcha. I happen to know that there is a position called the quarterback. When did you watch football?
The ownership forfeited their AFL membership in January 1960 and received the National Football League's 14th franchise on January 28, 1960 that started play in 1961.|It was in the late 70's early 80's pretty sure I just liked them because of their purple uniforms, thats a girl for you|I see, did you know that they lost their AFL membership in 1960?|Ha, that's funny.  The Vikings were an AFL team before the NFL|I actually know one thing about the Vikings. They were an AFL team, before leaving that league and joining the NFL.
The United States has 59 protected areas known as national parks that are operated by the National Park Service, an agency of the Department of the Interior.|I would love to visit a national park in the United States.|Interesting, did you know that the National Park Service is an agency of the Department of the Interior?|You should.  The United States has 59 protected areas known as national parks.|There are 59 national parks choices for you then.
A bill creating the first national park, Yellowstone, was signed into law by President Ulysses S. Grant in 1872, followed by Mackinac National Park in 1875 (decommissioned in 1895), and then Rock Creek Park (later merged into National Capital Parks), Sequoia and Yosemite in 1890.|Which parks are the most popular parks for tourist?|I'm not sure, but I know that the first national park was Yellowstone.|Well, there are a lot of popular ones.  I would say Yellowsstone is the most popular since it is the oldest!  It was established 1872.|I'm not sure but the oldest one, Yellowstone, was created in 1872.
The park is known for its wildlife and its many geothermal features, especially Old Faithful geyser, one of its most popular features.|What is there to do at Yellowstone park? What activities are available?|I'm not sure, but it's known for its wildlife and its geothermal features.|It is know for its wildlife and geothermal features.  Have you hear of Old Faithful geyser?|I don't know about the activities but the park's wildlife and geothermal features like Old Faithful are popular features.
It is a highly predictable geothermal feature, and has erupted every 44 to 125 minutes since 2000.|Old Faithful sounds interesting, could you tell me more about it?|Sure, it's a highly predictable geothermal feature.|It is a cone geyser and has erupted every 44 to 125 minutes since 2000.|Well, since 2000, it has been erupting every 44 to 125 minutes.
The Old Faithful Museum of Thermal Activity was one of a series of four ''trailside'' museums built in Yellowstone National Park in 1929.|Thus, the name ''Old Faithful'' lol|Oh, yeah? It was one of the four "trailside" museums built in 1929.|You're right!  If you decide to go there, make sure you visit the Old Faithful Museum of Thermal Activity.  It's been there isn 1929.|Another thing in Yellowstone is the Old Faithful Museum, it was built in 1929.
Early skiers used one long pole or spear.|Do you like to go skiing? Ive never really been into it. I live in fl so that doesnt help much, but ive tried it a couple times up north|I'm a bot, so I can't go skiing. I know that early skiers used one long spear or pole.|I haven't been. I know years ago a skier only used one pole. I can't imagine that!|I am a bot so I couldn't like that, so let me just tell you some facts I know about skiing. Did you know that early skiers actually used one long pole?
The first depiction of a skier with two ski poles dates to 1741.|how do they keep their balance with only one pole?|I'm not sure, but the first depiction of a skier with two poles dates back to 1741.|I imagine it was too difficult and probably why they started using two poles back in 1741. lol|I also don't know, what I know is that using two poles dates back to 1741
Skiing can be a means of transport, a recreational activity or a competitive winter sport in which the participant uses skis to glide on snow.|wow! skiing has been around that long? I guess they needed to find something to do back then, huh?|I'm not sure, but skiing can be a means of transport, a recreational activity, or a competitive winter sport.|I guess so lol. Of course, I would think in environments were snow covered the ground, they probably used skis as a means of transportation, all those years ago.|I am not sure when skiing started, I am sure that skiing can be a recreational activity but a means of transport as well
Originally purely utilitarian, starting in the mid-1800s skiing became a popular recreational activity and sport, becoming practiced in snow-covered regions worldwide, and providing a market for the development of ski resorts and their related communities.|yes, it would be faster then walking and horses|I see, did you know that starting in the mid-1800s skiing became a popular recreational activity and sport?|I think it became more of a recreational activity in the middle 1800s. And of course, ski resorts were soon built for that market.|Another thing I know is that in the mid-1800s skiing turned into a popular sport and recreational activity
Harry Potter is a series of fantasy novels written by British author J. K. Rowling.|I like reading the Harry Potter books, even though they're so long they're enjoyable to read.|Interesting, did you know that J. K Rowling wrote the series of fantasy novels?|Harry Potter is a series of fantasy novels I'm also a big harry potter fan!|Cool, do you enjoy them because they're a series of fantasy novels?
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is a fantasy book written by British author J. K. Rowling and the fourth novel in the ''Harry Potter'' series.|Yeah, actually they're probably a really good gateway into fantasy. My favorite is the fourth, do you know it?|I know that J. K Rowling wrote the fourth novel in the Harry Potter series.|The Goblet of Fire is the fourth novel in the series, my favorite is the Prisoner of Azkaban.|Yes, it is the Goblet of Fire.
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban is a fantasy novel written by British author J. K. Rowling and the third novel in the ''Harry Potter'' series.|Can you tell me more about the Prisoner of Azkaban? I'm a bit rusty on that one.|Yes, J. K Rowling wrote the third novel in the Harry Potter series.|Of course, the prisoner of azkaban is the third novel in the series!|Of course, the Prisoner of Azkaban is the third novel in the series!
The book follows Harry Potter, a young wizard, in his third year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.|And what are the major plot elements?|I'm not sure, but the book follows Harry Potter, a young wizard, in his third year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.|Well the book follows Harry and his friends third year at Hogwarts, it is the first time we see dementors, and sirius black. It is also the first time Harry summons a patronus, and professor lupin teaches defense against the dark arts.|I'm not familiar with the plot points but I know its about Harry Potter during his third year at Hogwarts.
He was known for his works of science fiction and popular science.|Oh yeah now I remember, it's a good one for sure. Have you heard of Isaac Asimov? He's my other favorite author.|Yes, he was known for his popular science fiction and science fiction works.|Yeah i know of Isaac Asimov, he is a science fiction and popular science author right? He is also responsible for the laws of robotics.|Yeah, he's known for his popular science and science fiction works.
Insane Clown Posse (ICP) is an American hip hop duo composed of Violent J (Joseph Bruce) and Shaggy 2 Dope (originally 2 Dope; Joseph Utsler).|The Insane Clown Posse is so insane. Who are these guys?|I'm not sure, but I know that Violent J and Shaggy 2 Dope are the hip hop duo.|Funny you ask! My daughter introduced me to them last week. They are an American hip hop duo. One is named Violent J and the other Shaggy 2 Dope. I was speechless after listening to them!|They are a hip hop duo. One is called Violent J and the other is called Shaggy 2 Dope.
Founded in Detroit in 1989, Insane Clown Posse performs a style of hardcore hip hop known as horrorcore and is known for its elaborate live performances.|Haha. I came across the Insane Clown Posse on the internet and they are so fascinatingly weird. What else do you know about them?|Well, I also know that they were founded in 1989 in Detroit.|They were founded in 1989 in Detroit and their hip hop style is known as horrorcore and they love to give a good show!|They were founded in 1989 in Detroit and their hip hop style is known as horrorcore. They're also known for their elaborate live shows.
The duo has earned two platinum and five gold albums.|Wow Insane Clown Posse has been around for that long? It is hard to stay that relevant in music these days.|I'm not sure, but they have earned two platinum albums and five gold albums.|What really surprises me is that they have earned two platinum and five gold albums! Has to be a very interesting demographics that buy their albums.|They've actually gotten two platinum albums and five gold ones.
The group has established a dedicated following called Juggalos numbering in the ''tens of thousands''.|Well good for them, I guess. Insane Clown Posse seem to be really out there.|Yeah, they have established a dedicated following called Juggalos numbering in the ''tens of thousands''.|Yes! They have a dedicated following in the ''tens of thousands'' that call themselves the Juggalos|They even have a fan following called Juggalos, which number in the tens of thousands.
Nickelback is a Canadian rock band formed in 1995 in Hanna, Alberta, Canada.|Nickelback is a pretty okay band even though it is memed all the time.|Oh, yeah? They're from Alberta.|nickelback is Canadian band|Nickelback is a Canadian band.
Nickelback is a Canadian rock band formed in 1995 in Hanna, Alberta, Canada.|Really? I thought they were American.|I don't know about American rock bands, but they formed in 1995 in Alberta.|nope they formed as a band in 1995|Nope, they formed as a band in 1995.
Nickelback is a Canadian rock band formed in 1995 in Hanna, Alberta, Canada.|That's not even that long ago, damn!|Nickelback is a Canadian rock band.|nickelband is a mediocre band tho|Specifically, Nickelback is from Hanna, in Alberta, Canada.
Nickelback is a Canadian rock band formed in 1995 in Hanna, Alberta, Canada.|They're not as bad as people say though.|They're from Alberta, Canada.|yea i like nickelback for some songs, good canadian band|Ah, that's nice. They are also a rock band.
Fox hunting is an activity involving the tracking, chase and, if caught, the killing of a fox, traditionally a red fox, by trained foxhounds or other scent hounds, and a group of unarmed followers led by a ''master of foxhounds'' (''master of hounds''), who follow the hounds on foot or on horseback.|Do you know much about hunting or do you enjoy it?|I know that it involves tracking, chase and, if caught, killing a fox, traditionally a red fox, and a group of unarmed followers led by a "master of foxhounds"|I'm a fox hunter. I have a farm and they kill all my chickens.|I can't hunt, being a bot, but I know of fox hunting, which usually involves fox hounds or other types of scent hounds.
Animal trapping, or simply trapping, is the use of a device to remotely catch an animal.|Oh, I see. What about trapping?|I'm not sure, but I know that animal trapping is a device that can remotely catch animals.|Yes, I try to only set live traps I dont want anything to suffer|Trapping would be the use of some sort of device to catch an animal remotely.
Augustine Chacon (1861 – November 21, 1902), or El Peludo (English: ''The Hairy One''), was a Mexican outlaw and folk hero of Arizona Territory.|Do you then relocate them?|I can't relocate, being a bot, but I know that El Peludo was a Mexican outlaw and folk hero of Arizona.|Yes, I love them just like Augustine Chacon did|I don't know what you would do with them. Say, have you ever heard of Augustine Chacon, by any chance?
Augustine Chacon (1861 – November 21, 1902), or El Peludo (English: ''The Hairy One''), was a Mexican outlaw and folk hero of Arizona Territory.|Who is that?|It's a mystery to me. Did you know that El Peludo was a Mexican outlaw?|Mexican outlaw and folk hero of Arizona Territory that had a pet fox|He was a Mexican outlaw and became a folk hero in the Arizona Territory.
Harry Potter is a series of fantasy novels written by British author J. K. Rowling.|Are you a Harry Potter fan? My younger daughter loved the books and movies.|I'm a bot, so I can't read books. I know that J. K. Rowling wrote the series of fantasy novels.|Yes I love him!  JK Rowling did a great job writing the books|You mean the fantasy novel series by J. K. Rowling? I can't read, being a bot.
The books have won multiple awards, and sold more than 400 million copies.|I saw a few of the films and enjoyed them. Did Rowling write all the books?|I'm not sure, but they have won multiple awards and sold over 400 million copies.|Yes she wrote all of them - and they have sold more than 400 million copies!|I don't know if she wrote them all, but they have sold over 400 million copies.
, the books have sold more than 500 million copies worldwide, making them the best-selling book series in history, and have been translated into seventy-three languages.|Wow! I imagine she broke a lot of records with the series.|I see, did you know that the books have sold more than 500 million copies around the world?|Yes it is the best selling book in history - in 73 languages!|Well, they're the best-selling book series ever, and they're now in 73 languages!
The novels chronicle the life of a young wizard, Harry Potter, and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley, all of whom are students at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.|I had no idea! That is very impressive! Were the films equally as successful?|I'm not sure, but the novels chronicle the life of a young wizard, Harry Potter, and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley.|I am not sure but I know Harry, Hermione and Ron are beloved by people worldwide|I don't really know. I know, though, that the novels are about Harry Potter and his friends at Hogwarts.
American football, referred to as football in the United States and Canada, and also known as gridiron football or simply gridiron, is a team sport played by two teams of eleven players on a rectangular field with goalposts at each end.|American football is so popular but i dont care for it much.|Oh, American football? It's a team sport played by two teams of eleven players on a rectangular field.|Do you know about American football? It is referred to as football in the united states and Canada|Do you know about American football? It is referred to as football in the United States and Canada.
American football, referred to as football in the United States and Canada, and also known as gridiron football or simply gridiron, is a team sport played by two teams of eleven players on a rectangular field with goalposts at each end.|Yea since other countries use football for what we call soccer.|Oh, that's cool. It's a team sport played by two teams of eleven players on a rectangular field.|Yes, it is usually a two team sports played by 11 players|Yeah, another feature of it is that there are two 11 player teams playing on a rectangular field, there are goalposts at both ends.
The team with the most points at the end of a game wins.|11 players? thats more than I thought, how long do games last?|I'm not sure, but the team with the most points wins.|It lasts for 90minutes, the team with the most point wins at the end|I don't know how long the games go on for but the winner is the team who got the most points.
Points are primarily scored by advancing the ball into the opposing team's end zone for a touchdown or kicking the ball through the opponent's goalposts for a field goal.|Well that's obvious, it just feels like the games feel so long with half time and all the pauses between a move. How do the points work anyway?|I'm not sure, but they are scored by advancing the ball into the end zone for a touchdown or by kicking the ball through the goalposts.|Oh yes, points are primarily scored by advancing the ball|Well, mainly its scored by getting the ball into the other team's end zone, that's called a touchdown.
The first match of American football was played on November 6, 1869, between two college teams, Rutgers and Princeton, under rules based on the association football rules of the time.|its mainly passive right? Weird it is called foot ball when no foot contact happens almost ever in the game.|I'm not sure, but the first American football match was played in 1869.|Do u know that the first American football was played in November 6,1869|I can't say about the passiveness but you may be interested to know that the first football match occurred on November 6, 1869.
Accounting, which has been called the ''language of business'', measures the results of an organization's economic activities and conveys this information to a variety of users, including investors, creditors, management, and regulators.|I took an accounting course at school. I didn't think I'd be any good at it, but I came in second in my class!|Ah, that's nice. Accounting is a language of business. It measures the results of an organization's economic activities.|That's awesome!  You speak the ''language of business'' as they call it.  I took some course myself and love measuring the results of economic activities for a company.|That's awesome! People call accounting the language of business.
The terms ''accounting'' and ''financial reporting'' are often used as synonyms.|It is quite interesting. My sister-in-law is an accountant. She works for a big company.|Oh, nice. I know that accounting and financial reporting are often used as synonyms.|That can be daunting with all those numbers to crunch but financial reporting is important since that is basically a synonym for accounting.|Oh, that's cool. Accounting is also sometimes call financial reporting.
Accounting can be divided into several fields including financial accounting, management accounting, external auditing, tax accounting and cost accounting.|I found it interesting to learn to work my way around a balance sheet. It's like learning a new language!|Ah, that's nice. Accounting can be divided into several fields.|It can be so foreign!  When I first started courses, I was struck by all the different fields in accounting from financial to management to, the one everyone is scared of, auditing. ha ha|How interesting! So, accounting includes several fields, like financial, management, tax, and cost accounting, along with external auditing. What's your favorite?
In providing an opinion whether financial statements are fairly stated in accordance with accounting standards, the auditor gathers evidence to determine whether the statements contain material errors or other misstatements.|Auditing! Another friend of mine is an auditor in Europe. She loves striking fear in the hearts of others, lol.|Oh, I see. Did you know that the auditor gathers evidence to determine whether the statements contain any errors or other misstatements?|It is crazy how fearful everyone is of it.  If you're keeping your finances in order, you shouldn't be worried. Its only if you're making some bad choices that those auditors will gather evidence of all your errors and misstatements. yikes!|So, an auditor is someone who checks financial statements to determine if their stated fairly and within accounting standards, correct?
Tax resistance has probably existed ever since rulers began imposing taxes on their subjects.|Pretty much. People shouldn't be afraid of getting audited, but so many businesses try to avoid taxes and go overboard.|I see, did you know that tax resistance has existed since rulers began imposing taxes on their subjects?|Sad but true.  Tax resistance has probably existed ever since rulers began imposing taxes on the people.  Some things never change.|Tax resistance is probably as old as taxes themselves.
Programming on the flagship Discovery Channel in the U.S. is primarily focused on reality television series, such as speculative investigation (with shows such as ''MythBusters'', ''Unsolved History'', and ''Best Evidence''), automobiles, and occupations (such as ''Dirty Jobs'' and ''Deadliest Catch''); it also features documentaries specifically aimed at families and younger audiences.|I really love watching the Discovery channel|Interesting, did you know that the Discovery Channel is primarily focused on reality television series?|Yeah it's a great, flagship channel with awesome shows like mythbusters and unsolved history. I watched it a lot growing up.|Oh I see, so do you like the reality tv series on it like MythBusters or Unsolved History? Since the Discovery Channel is primarily focused on those.
It initially provided documentary television programming focused primarily on popular science, technology, and history, but by the 2010s had expanded into reality television and pseudo-scientific entertainment.|Yeah, I've learned a lot watching those shows actually lol! Do you know when the Discovery Channel started playing reality series?|I'm not sure, but it initially provided documentary television programming, but by the 2010s it became reality television and pseudo-scientific entertainment.|Yeah and it transformed from originally just about doumentaries  into stuff like science and technology.|By the 2010s the channel expanded into pseudo-scientific entertainment and reality TV.
Educational technology is the use of both physical hardware and educational theoretics.|Yeah, I actually think it provides a more entertaining way to teach kids even if some of it is not as accurate. It's like education with technology.|I see, did you know that educational technology involves both physical hardware and educational theoretics?|Yeah i agree. Their use of educational technology and hardware is amazing.|Yeah, it would be called educational technology, where hardware and theoretics of education are used.
Technology integration is defined as the use of technology to enhance and support the educational environment.|I have always thought working for some of those shows would be extremely cool and a great way to travel.|Oh, cool! I know that technology integration is used to support and enhance the educational environment.|Yes I agree. Do you want to work in technology integration or the use of technology to adance the education of the environment?|Yeah, have you thought of using tech to support and enhance the education environment?
Sociology is the scientific study of society, including patterns of social relationships, social interaction, and culture.|I am not really a tech person, I'm more of a psychology and sociology person, so I'd look to probably start a show where we trace the effects of religion of society.|I see, so you're not really a tech person? I know sociology is a scientific study of society.|Oh nice. I did like the scientific study of society and interaction when I took a class.|I see, so would you work on sociology and go over things about it like patterns of social relations, social interactions and cultures?
Accounting or accountancy is the measurement, processing, and communication of financial information about economic entities such as businesses and corporations.|I am studying accounting in school. Do you have any interest in the topic?|I'm a bot, so I can't do accounting. I know that it involves the measurement, processing, and communication of financial information about economic entities.|I do, accounting is all about keeping track of finances especially for businesses.|No interest per se  but I know about it, like how it's measuring, processing, and communicating financial information about a business or corporation.
Accounting, which has been called the ''language of business'', measures the results of an organization's economic activities and conveys this information to a variety of users, including investors, creditors, management, and regulators.|Yes, it is very important in order for businesses to see where their money is going.|I see, well accounting is the language of business. It measures the results of an organization's economic activities.|Accounting keeps track of an organization's financial activities and report the information to investors, and the like.|I see, it is called the "language of business" since it tells financial activities to people like investors and management!
Accounting can be divided into several fields including financial accounting, management accounting, external auditing, tax accounting and cost accounting.|Yes, in order to work for a publicly traded company, most accountant needs to have earned their CPA license as well.|That's nice. Accounting can be divided into several fields, like financial accounting, management accounting, and cost accounting.|There are many different types of accounting, including management accounting, external auditing, and regular financial accounting.|Also isn't there several accounting fields too? Such as financial accounting to external auditing and cost accounting.
Accounting information systems are designed to support accounting functions and related activities.|Yes. I am looking to getting into external auditing. I will be working on getting my CPA license after I graduate college.|Ah, OK. I know that accounting information systems are designed to support functions of accounting.|There are many systems to help with accounting that are designed to support reporting and other activities of accounting.|Cool, will you be working with accounting information systems to help with accounting functions and other stuff of that nature?
The modern field was established by the Italian mathematician Luca Pacioli in 1494.|Yeah most smaller companies use quick books|I see, did you know that the modern field was established by the Italian mathematician Luca Pacioli in 1494?|Accounting was founded by Luca Pacioli in 1494, before it was modernized.|Side note did you know that the modern field was made by Luca Pacioli back in 1494?
Accounting or accountancy is the measurement, processing, and communication of financial information about economic entities such as businesses and corporations.|I'm interested in account. What's it about?|I'm not sure, but I know that accounting is about measuring, processing, and communicating financial information about economic entities.|YOu must love numbers! yuck,not  me... accounting is a way to measure and process financial information|Well, accounting is about measuring, processing, and reporting financial information to economic entities.
The modern field was established by the Italian mathematician Luca Pacioli in 1494.|When did it start?|It was established by the Italian mathematician Luca Pacioli in 1494.|Account has been around form any years,formally it began in 1494 by Italian mathematician Pacioli|The modern version of accounting began in 1494, by an Italian mathematician.
Accounting can be divided into several fields including financial accounting, management accounting, external auditing, tax accounting and cost accounting.|Is it popular as a career?|I'm not sure, but accounting can be divided into several fields, like financial accounting, management accounting, and more.|I am not sure,however, accounting has lots of fields such as, auditing aind,and cost accounting,what type interests you?|I am not sure, however accounting has lots of fields such as auditing, external, tax and cost accounting. What type interests you?
Computer science is the study of the theory, experimentation, and engineering that form the basis for the design and use of computers.|I'm not sure. What do you know about computer science?|Well, I know that computer science is the study of the theory, experimentation, and engineering that form the basis for the design and use of computers.|computer science does not involve accounting, it is the science regarding the design of compters|Computer science involves the study of computers, their design and their use.
A programming language is a formal language that specifies a set of instructions that can be used to produce various kinds of output.|Is it programming?|I'm not sure, but it's a formal language that specifies a set of instructions that can be used to produce various kinds of output.|it involves programming, programming languages give instructions to computers that produce many kinds of output|I don't know, however programming languages allow one to give a set of instructions to produce different kinds of output.
Instagram is a mobile, desktop, and Internet-based photo-sharing application and service that allows users to share pictures and videos either publicly, or privately to pre-approved followers.|Have you ever used Instagram? I've looked at it but have never done anything with it.|No, as a bot I can't use Instagram. I know it's a photo sharing application and service that allows users to share pictures and videos publicly or privately.|Yes its great its a internet based photo sharing app lots of fun|No, I'm a bot, so I can't do such things. I am familiar with it being a photo and video sharing service, though.
It was created by Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger, and launched in October 2010 as a free mobile app exclusively for the iOS operating system.|Hmm, must check it out. Any idea who developed it?|Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger created it.|Kevin sytsrom and Mike Krieger in 2010|Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger in 2010.
Instagram lets registered users upload photos or videos to the service.|So it's not that old then. Do you have to open an account with it, or can you just post?|I'm not sure, but Instagram lets registered users upload photos or videos to the service.|You have to register as a user to upload photos|You have to register as a user to upload photos.
It is owned by Facebook.|So it's kind of like Facebook then. How many members are there?|I'm not sure, but Facebook owns it.|Not sure how many members but it is owned now by facebook|Not sure how many members, but it is owned now by Facebook.
Broken heart (also known as a heartbreak or heartache) is a term metaphor for the intense emotional—and sometimes physical—stress or pain one feels at experiencing great longing.|I suffer from a broken heart|Oh, that's nice. It's also known as heartbreak or heartache.|Did you go through a breakup? Broken heart is often a metaphor used for an intense emotional pain|That's too bad. Broken heart is often a metaphor used for an intense emotional pain. What caused yours?
Emotional pain that is severe can cause 'broken heart syndrome', including physical damage to the heart.|I broke up with my girlfriend of four years.|Oh, that's nice. Did you know that emotional pain can cause heart syndrome?|Im sorry to hear that.  Emotion pain if severe enough can cause actual physical damage to the heart|Oh, I see. Emotion pain if severe enough can cause actual physical damage to the heart.
The ''social-attachment system'' uses the ''pain system'' to encourage humans to maintain their close social relationships by causing pain when those relationships are lost.|Yeah it is not any fun|The "social-attachment system" uses the "pain system" to encourage people to maintain close social relationships.|Social attachment and the pain system encourage people to keep close contact with people when they lose relationships|Apparently there is something called a "social attachment system" and it uses a "pain system" to discourage people from losing close relationships.
The concept is believed to be universal, with many cultures using the same words to describe both physical pain and the feelings associated with relationship loss.|No one will ever get used to it but we will all experince it|It's believed to be universal, and many cultures use the same words to describe physical pain as well as feelings associated with relationship loss.|I hope you get through it.  Many cultures experience the same things and describe it the same way and having the same feelings|In fact, many cultures even use the same words to describe the pain that comes with the loss of a relationship.
Green is the color between blue and yellow on the visible spectrum.|My favorite color is green! I like it's such a pretty color! Do you like green?|I'm a bot, so I can't see colors. I know that green is between yellow and blue on the visible spectrum.|Green is the color between blue and yellow|I'm a bot, and I can't perceive color, but I do know of green as the color between yellow and blue on the visible light spectrum.
By far the largest contributor to green in nature is chlorophyll, the chemical by which plants photosynthesize and convert sunlight into chemical energy.|That makes sense! I remember mixing blue and yellow paint in school to make green.  My favorite shade is like an emerald green.|That's nice. The chemical by which plants photosynthesize and convert sunlight into chemical energy.||By far the largest contributor to green in nature is chlorophyll, the chemical by which plants photosynthesize
It is evoked by light which has a dominant wavelength of roughly 495570 nm.|Interesting! What else can you tell me about the color green?|Well, I also know that it has a dominant wavelength of 495570 nm.||It has a dominant wavelength of roughly 495570 nm.
In color science, the dominant wavelength (and the corresponding complementary wavelength) are ways of characterizing any light mixture in terms of the monochromatic spectral light that evokes an identical (and the corresponding opposite) perception of hue.|I wonder how that compares to other colors?  I don't know much about colors and their wavelengths!|I'm not sure, but the dominant wavelength is a way of characterizing any light mixture in terms of the monochromatic spectral light that evokes an identical perception of hue.|wavelength (and the corresponding complementary wavelength|I don't really know, myself, except that the dominant wavelength is a way to characterize light mixtures based on the spectral light that corresponds to a perceived hue.
A cardigan is a type of knitted garment (sweater) that has an open front.|I like cardigans|Oh, cool! Have you ever had a cardigan? It's a knitted garment.||A cardigan is a type of knitted sweater, with an open front. How many do you own?
Commonly cardigans have buttons: a garment that is tied is instead considered a robe.|I own three, I think cardigans are perfect for the fall|I see, did you know that a robe is considered a robe?|They are! not too hot and not too cold, commonly they have buttons, a cardigan that is tied is referred to as a robe.|All your 3 cardigans have buttons? I know that cardigans commonly have
By contrast, a pullover does not open in front but must be ''pulled over'' the head to be worn.|Yes, all of them have buttons, I don't like to tie|Oh, OK. Do you like to tie the pullover? It doesn't open in front, but it must be "pulled over" to be worn.|Yeah they also have pullovers which do not open in the front but must be pulled over the head when worn.|Got it, what about pullovers? Those don't open in front
It is modelled after the knitted wool waistcoat that British officers supposedly wore during the war.|I haven't seen those, are they popular or not really?|I'm not sure, but they are modelled after the knitted wool waistcoat that British officers supposedly wore during the war.|They are very popular but not as popular as the cardigan, which was modeled after the knitted wool waistcoat that british officers used to wear.|I don't have information about their popularity, what I know is that cardigans were modelled after the waistcoat that was worn during the war by british officers
Medical billing is a payment practice within the United States health system.|Hello, I would love you to broaden my mind about medical billing|Oh, cool! I know that medical billing is a payment practice within the US health system.||Medical billing is the payment practice within the United States health care.
For several decades, medical billing was done almost entirely on paper.|Ok, is this restricted to the united states alone?|I'm not sure, but medical billing was done almost entirely on paper for a long time.|Yes. For decades, it was primarily done on paper, however with advancements it is now efficiently done via management software.|No clue, but would you surprised to know how medical billing was almost all done on paper for several decades?
Medical billers are encouraged, but not required by law, to become certified by taking an exam such as the CMRS Exam, RHIA Exam and others.|That sounds terrible and risky! Are medical billers now at least certified to make sure they don't make any mistakes for their clients?|I'm not sure, but they are encouraged to take an exam, but not required by law.|Medical billing dates back decades with no known starting year. Medical billers are encouraged to become certified, but not required.|Actually, a medical biller is not required to be certified, but it is encouraged.
Some community colleges in the United States offer certificates, or even associate degrees, in the field.|What does it take to become a Medical biller?|I'm not sure, but some colleges in the US offer associate degrees.|Some colleges offer certificates for specific exams, such as CMRS or RHIA. Some also offer associate degrees in this field.|There are associate degrees in the field and some community colleges give certificates.
Dylan's Candy Bar is a chain of boutique candy shops and candy supplier currently located in New York City; East Hampton, New York; Los Angeles, Chicago and Miami Beach, as well as in wholesale venues around the globe.|I really love all candy bars.|Cool, did you know they are currently in New York City?|Dylans candy bar is a chain in New York and Miami, ever been there?|Have you ever been to Dylan's Candy Bar? It's a chain of candy shops in New York, Miami Beach, and a few other places.
Dylan's Candy Bar is a chain of boutique candy shops and candy supplier currently located in New York City; East Hampton, New York; Los Angeles, Chicago and Miami Beach, as well as in wholesale venues around the globe.|No never been there. Never tried this candy bar either.|I see, did you know that they are currently in New York City?|Not a candy bar its a store with locations in Hamptons, Los Angeles, Chicago|I'm not sure if they have an actual candy bar. Dylan's Candy Bar is the name of the candy store chain.
It is owned by Dylan Lauren, daughter of fashion designer Ralph Lauren.|I'd definitely like to visit and see what they offer.|That's nice. They're owned by Dylan Lauren, the daughter of Ralph Lauren.|Dylan Lauren, Ralph Laurens daughter owns it|Dylan Lauren, Ralph Lauren's daughter owns it.
Lauren was inspired to create the store, which is asserted to be the ''largest unique candy store in the world'', by the Roald Dahl story of ''Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory''.|Oh wow, that sounds fantastic. I'm sure their candy is very tasty.|I see, did you know they are the ''largest unique candy store in the world''?||Its meant to be the largest unique candy store in the world!
Lauren said that her goal was to ''merge fashion, art and pop candy culture''.|I see they offer taffy, lollipops, chocolate and more!|I see, did you know that Lauren said she wanted to make fashion, art, and pop candy culture?|Yes Dylan Lauren wanted to blend fashion, pop candy and art|Oh, really? Dylan Lauren wanted to blend fashion, pop candy and art.
Pink is a pale red color that is named after a flower of the same name.|My favorite color is green. What's yours?|I'm a bot, so I don't have favorites. I know that pink is named after a flower.|Ive always love the pale color of red. its also known as pink. its also named after a flower(named pink|I don't have favorites, I am a bot. What do you think of pink? I know that this color was named after a flower.
It was first used as a color name in the late 17th century.|I love pink. Do you know of any other flowers named after colors?|I do not, but I know that pink was first used as a color name in the late 17th century.|not sure of any other plants. i do know it was first used as a color name in the late 17th century.|I not sure of any other plants. I do know it was first used as a color name in the late 17th century.
The complementary color of rose is spring green.|Who came up with the name?|I'm not sure, but rose's complementary color is spring green.|Theres no i formation on that fact but the comp. color of rose or pink is considered spring green.|There is no Information on that fact but the complementary color of the color rose is spring green
Spring green is a color included on the color wheel that is precisely halfway between cyan and green.|Interesting. Are there any other shades of green related to other colors?|I'm not sure, but it's exactly halfway between green and cyan.|Spring green is a type of color that is in between cyan and green.|I am not sure about that, what I know is that 	Spring green is a color that is in between cyan and green.
Green is common in nature, especially in plants.|What colors can you get when you mix green and blue?|I'm not sure, but green is common in nature, especially in plants.|Theres a bunch of colors you could possibly make with those two colors as a base. Green is a very common color mostly found in nature.|That is something I also don't' know, I do know some more facts about the color green though, did you know that this color is common in plants ?
The kernel ruptures and forcefully expands, allowing the contents to expand, cool, and finally set in a popcorn puff 20 to 50 times the size of the original kernel.|Ive never been a huge fan of popcorn! it always gets stuck in my teeth|Oh, really? It breaks down and forcefully expands.|I love it!  I love watching it burst as the hot air as the hot air expands.|I see. Well, did you know that the popcorn puff is 20 to 50 times larger than the original kernel?
In Mexico, for example, remnants of popcorn have been found that date to around 3600 BC.|That's pretty big. How long has popcorn been around.|I'm not sure, but in Mexico, remnants of popcorn have been found around 3600 BC.|I love it at the movies.  People have been eating popcorn since at least 3600 bc|Remnants have been found that date back to about 3600 BC.
Corn was first domesticated 9,000 years ago in what is now Mexico.|Popcorn has really been aruond that long? What an intereseting fact.|I'm not sure, but corn was first domesticated 9,000 years ago in Mexico.|yes.  corn was domesticated in mexico 9000 years ago!|Meanwhile, corn itself became domesticated about 9,000 years ago.
Kernels were sold on the East Coast of the United States under names such as ''Pearls'' or ''Nonpareil''.|wow! how amazing|Kernels were sold on the East Coast of the US under names like "Pearls" or "Nonpareil".|Popcorn used to be called pearls or nonpareil|Popcorn used to be called pearls or nonpareil.
It is one of the major forms of throwing sports.|Hi! I really like bowling. Do you know anything about it?|I know that it is one of the major throwing sports.|I enjoy it too, even when I am not good at it. But I know it is one of the major forms of throwing sports.|Yes, I know some facts about bowling, let me begin by telling you that it is a major form of throwing sport
The maximum score is 300, which is achieved by getting 12 strikes in a row.|That's true. I heard that at most places you have to actually pay to rent shoes.|I see, did you know that the maximum score is 300?|Yes, I think I have always pay for that. Even when the maximum score is 300, I think mine is like half that.|I don't really know if that is true or not, what I know is true is the fact that the maximum score is 300
A strike is when all the pins are knocked down on the first roll, whereas a spare is when all the pins are knocked over on the second shot.|Yes, but that would be impossible to me, I am not good at it|I see, did you know that a strike is when all the pins are knocked down on the first roll?|I have, throw a few strikes, when all of the pins are knocked, but not that many..  What about you?|Well, have you ever hit a strike ? It is when every pin is knocked down on the fist roll
The most common types of pin bowling include ten-pin, nine-pin, candlepin, duckpin and five-pin bowling, while in target bowling, bowls, skittles, kegel, bocce, carpet bowls, pétanque, and boules, both indoor and outdoor varieties are popular.|I virtually never get any strikes at all. It is funny, if I went back in time I could bowl in Ancient Egypt! But I probably still wouldn't be any good|I see, well the most common pin bowling is ten-pin, nine-pin, duckpin, and five-pin.|Me neither, Not even in a nine-pin or candlepin version|If you say so. But have you ever tried pin bowling (like the ten-pin or nine-pin types) or target bowling ?
Richard Milhous Nixon (January 9, 1913 – April 22, 1994) was the 37th President of the United States, serving from 1969 until 1974, when he resigned from office, the only U.S. president to do so.|They're all so difficult! I'm an avid bowler like Richard Nixon, but I'm pretty sure even he is better at it than me!|Ah, Richard Nixon. He was the 37th President of the US.||Do you mean Richard Nixon the 37th president of the United States?
Auto racing (also known as car racing, motor racing, or automobile racing) is a motorsport involving the racing of automobiles for competition.|Ive gotten into watching auto racing lately but I am just learning about it.|Oh, that's nice. It's a sport that involves racing automobiles for competition.|car racing is a motor sport involving the racing of cars for competition|Car racing is a motor sport involving the racing of cars for competition.
By the 1930s specialist racing cars had developed.|Are there different races in auto racing?|I'm not sure, but by the 1930s, specialist racing cars had developed.|Yes and specialist racing started around the 1930's|I don't rightly know, but specialist race cars had come about by the 1930s.
There are now numerous different categories, each with different rules and regulations.|Wow, I would love to see that. Are there major races in auto racing?|I'm not sure, but there are a lot of different categories, each with different rules and regulations.|Oh yes there are many, numerous categories and each has different regulations and rules|Oh, yes, there are many categories, and each has different regulations and rules.
On July 22, 1894, the Parisian magazine ''Le Petit Journal'' organized what is considered to be the world's first motoring competition, from Paris to Rouen.|Seems complicated. What else do you know about auto racing?|Well, I also know that the Parisian magazine Le Petit Journal organized the first motoring competition in 1894.|The first race was the Le Petit Journal, Paris in 1894|The first race was in 1894, and was put on by the magazine Le Petit Journal.
A bill creating the first national park, Yellowstone, was signed into law by President Ulysses S. Grant in 1872, followed by Mackinac National Park in 1875 (decommissioned in 1895), and then Rock Creek Park (later merged into National Capital Parks), Sequoia and Yosemite in 1890.|Have you ever visited Yellowstone National Park? It's a cool place!|No, I'm a bot, so I can't visit parks. I know that a bill created the first national park was signed into law by President Grant in 1872.|I haven't but it seems like a really fascinating place. It has such a history in America too, it was the first national park signed into law by Ulysses S. Grant way back in 1872.|I haven't but it was the first national park signed into law through President Ulysses S. Grant during 1872.
The United States has 59 protected areas known as national parks that are operated by the National Park Service, an agency of the Department of the Interior.|That's very true. Tedy Roosevelt also had a lot to do with National Parks too  I believe.|Yes, they have 59 protected areas that are called national parks.|That sounds right, but I'm not sure. I do know that Yellowstone is one of 59 protected areas known as a national park, so it's definitely in a small group of national treasures.|I didn't know Ted Roosevelt was involved, but I do know that the US has 59 national parks that the National Park Service operates in.
Seven national parks (including six in Alaska) are paired with a national preserve, areas with different levels of protection that are administered together but considered separate units and whose areas are not included in the figures below.|Yeah I think it would be really cool to visit them all but that's a lot of ground to cover!|Yeah, there are seven national parks, including six in Alaska.|You'd probably have to travel across the entire continental US, and then to Alaska because six national parks are there alone!|I see, did you also know that 6 national parks in Alaska and 1 other are paired with national preserves?  The areas have different protection levels but administered together.
It is the largest state in the United States by area and the  seventh largest subnational division in the world.|Six parks? That's crazy! I bet some states don't even have any!|I'm not sure, but it's the US' largest state by area.|That's probably true. Alaska is such a fascinating place, and it's so huge too, being the largest state in the US by area of course.|I don't know about the other states, but another thing about Alaska is that it's the largest state by area in the US.
In addition, it is the 3rd least populous and the most sparsely populated of the 50 United States; nevertheless, it is by far the most populous territory located mostly north of the 60th parallel in North America, its population (the total estimated at 738,432 by the U.S. Census Bureau in 2015) more than quadrupling the combined populations of Northern Canada and Greenland.|Really? I though for sure a state like Texas or Montana would be bigger.|Yes, it is the 3rd least populous state in the US and the most sparsely populated.|You might think so, but Alaska is truly massive. Despite its size though, there's only 738,432 people living there as of 2015, not surprising I guess considering the climate.|Yeah, in contrast though it has the 3rd smallest population with a population estimate of around 738,432 in 2015.
Medical billing is a payment practice within the United States health system.|Medical bills can really destory a family financially.|I see, well it is a payment practice within the US health system.||I know that Medical billings is a payment practice in the USA.
Medical billers are encouraged, but not required by law, to become certified by taking an exam such as the CMRS Exam, RHIA Exam and others.|It is, and sometimes there is no help available to people who struggle the most.|I see, did you know that medical billers are encouraged to take an exam such as the CMRS Exam?||Medical bills are not required by law to take any exams or anything like that.
Medical billers are encouraged, but not required by law, to become certified by taking an exam such as the CMRS Exam, RHIA Exam and others.|What exams do you mean?|I don't have any, but I know that medical billers are encouraged to take exams like the CMRS Exam, RHIA Exam and others.|They do not even have to know how to bill medically. They do not have to take the CMRS or RHIA, they could just be making up how much stuff costs.|There are a few exams they are encouraged to take, like CMRS and RHIA, but they are not required.
Certification schools are intended to provide a theoretical grounding for students entering the medical billing field.|Oh, well I'm sure there are some sorts of laws that medical billers need to follow.|I'm not sure, but certification schools are intended to provide a theoretical grounding for students entering the medical billing field.|There is a certification school, a one week class. That is about it.|I don't know about laws. There are certification schools that give looking to enter medical billing a grounding, though.
However, with the advent of medical practice management software, also known as health information systems, it has become possible to efficiently manage large amounts of claims.|Wow, is there anyone working to require more schooling?|I'm not sure, but I know that medical practice management software is becoming more efficient.|Not really, before all billing was done on paper. Now however, a lot is done electronically which has helped at least keep track of claims and records.|I wouldn't know. There are health information systems that help to manage large numbers of claims.
Presley was born in Tupelo, Mississippi, and relocated to Memphis, Tennessee, with his family when he was 13 years old.|Elvis Presley is truly a legend .Tell me more about him|He was born in Tupelo, Mississippi.||He was from Tupelo Mississippi, and moved to Memphis Tennessee at age 13
With a series of successful network television appearances and chart-topping records, he became the leading figure of the newly popular sound of rock and roll.|Did he hit a platinum record?|I'm not sure, but he's been on a series of successful television appearances and chart-topping records.|Yes, many of them! He is one of the most famous recording artists of all time with many chart-topping records|Not sure but he had records that topped charts and was a leading figure of rock and roll.
Fontana joined to complete the lineup of Presley's classic quartet and RCA Victor acquired his contract in a deal arranged by Colonel Tom Parker, who would manage the singer for more than two decades.|Who was his producer?|I'm not sure, but RCA Victor was the one who managed the singer for over two decades.||Colonel Tom Parker, who managed him for over 20 years
Thomas Andrew ''Colonel Tom'' Parker (born Andreas Cornelis van Kuijk; June 26, 1909 – January 21, 1997) was the Dutch-born American manager of Elvis Presley.|You mean he was managed by a military col.|He was the manager of Elvis Presley.|I think colonel was somewhat of a fake title. He was actually named Andreas Cornelis van Kuijk|I'm not sure about that but Colonel Parker's birth name was Andreas Cornelis van Kuijk.
It can range from chanting slogans to intense physical activity.|I love watching cheerleading competitions. The flyers scare me a bit though.|Oh, cool. Do you like to sing slogans or do intense physical activity?|I hear ya they can be dangerous. I love watching cheerleaders perform flips and chants.|Oh my, cheerleading can involve some intense physical activity.
Competitive routines typically range anywhere from one to three minutes, and contain components of tumbling, dance, jumps, cheers, and stunting.|It's pretty risky. A cheerleader from Southern Illinois University fractured her back and hit her head from falling from a pyramid stunt. She's fully recovered now though,thank goodness.|Yeah, and competitive routines can range from one to three minutes.|Oh that is very serious. Good she is okay. Routines don't last long, but they incorporate dance, tumbling and such.|Yikes! Those one-to-three-minute routines can have tumbling, jumping, and stunting.
Cheerleading began during the late 18th century with the rebellion of male students.|I think the movie from 2000 Bring It On helped to make it popular too. There are over 100000 participants all over the world competing the the sport.|I see, did you know that Cheerleading began in the late 18th century?|Yes that is correct. Cheerleading began so long ago but males wanted no part in it then.|Did you know cheerleading began in the late 1700s? It was male students, then.
Cheerleading is an activity wherein the participants (referred to as ''cheerleaders'') cheer for their team as a form of encouragement.|Yeah, statistic show that 97% of all participants are female, but at the college level it's about 50/50|Yeah, and the participants cheer for their team as a form of encouragement.|Glad that males felt that they could be included later on. It's nice to have people cheering for you when you do a sport to give you encouragement.|Oh, that's interesting. And they're there to cheer for their team.
Carnitine was discovered in 1905 as a result of its high concentration in muscle tissue.|I like to take L-Carnitine for my long runs, it seems to help my endurance. Do you take any supplement?|I'm a bot, so I can't eat. I know that it was discovered in 1905.|I don't, no. I know Carnitine was discovered in 1905, so it has been used for a long time, but I just try to follow the principles of good nutrition.|I don't, as I'm a bot with no need for such things. I know that carnitine was discovered back in 1905, though.
Under DSHEA, responsibility for determining the safety of the dietary supplements changed from government to the manufacturer and supplements no longer required approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) before distributing product.|That long ago? Interesting. What do you know about regulations regarding supplements in the US?|I know that the FDA changed the responsibility for determining the safety of the supplements from the government to the manufacturer.|I think there are a lot of things that are technically legal but the government doesn't regulate a lot of these things so they may not be safe, so I think it is important to do your homework. I have two sons who are college athletes, and they are discouraged from using supplements.|Here's what I know, the Food and Drug Administration does not have to approve a supplement before its sold. The manufacturer is responsible for determining their safety.
A number of herbal concoctions and tonics have been used by strong men and athletes since ancient times across cultures to try to increase their strength and stamina.|Oh, I see. What do you know about the history of supplementation?|Well, I know that some herbal concoctions and tonics have been used by strong men and athletes since ancient times across cultures to try to increase their strength and stamina.|Agreed! Many herbal concoctions have been used since ancient times and are surely just fine!|Well, there are herbal mixtures and tonics that athletes have used since ancient times, even across cultures.
Athletes in ancient Greece were advised to consume large quantities of meat and wine.|yes, however I would avoid any prepaid ''special formulas'' where you really don't know what you are taking.|Ah, OK. Did you know ancient Greece's athletes were advised to consume large quantities of wine and meat?|In ancient Greece athletes were told to consume lots of wine and meat. Maybe I'll stick to that! LOL|Ah, OK. So, in ancient Greece, they encouraged athletes to eat lots of meat and drink lots of wine.
He practiced criminal law for about a decade and served in the House of Representatives in Mississippi from January 1984 to September 1990.|I heard John Grisham is a good author. What kind of books does he write?|I'm not sure, but he worked in criminal law for about a decade.|Mostly about criminal law.|I don't know, but he was a lawyer and and a representative from Missouri for a time.
His first novel, ''A Time to Kill,'' was published in June 1989, four years after he began writing it.|Does he have any best sellers?|I'm not sure, but his first novel was called Time to Kill.|Yes he does. His first novel, ''A Time to Kill,'' was published in June 1989, and went on sell 2 million copies!|I don't know that, either, but his first novel was A Time to Kill and came out in 1989.
The book was adapted into a 1993 feature film of the same name, starring Tom Cruise, and a 2012 TV series which ''continues the story of attorney Mitchell McDeere and his family 10 years after the events of the film and novel.''|That's sounds like a good one to start with. Have any of his books been made into movies?|I'm not sure, but the book was adapted into a feature film in 1993.|Yes actually, his book the ''Firm'', was adapted into a 1993 feature film of the same name, starring Tom Cruise!|Yes, actually, his book "The Firm" was adapted into a 1993 feature film of the same name, starring Tom Cruise!
The book was adapted into a 1993 feature film of the same name, starring Tom Cruise, and a 2012 TV series which ''continues the story of attorney Mitchell McDeere and his family 10 years after the events of the film and novel.''|I love Tom Cruise movies! I wonder if he is still writing?|I'm not sure, but the book was adapted into a feature film in 1993.|Yes he is I think, but after after the events of the film and novel he prefer spending time with his family.|I couldn't say, but there was also a TV series in 2012 that continued the story.
His first novel, ''A Time to Kill,'' was published in June 1989, four years after he began writing it.|Well, that's good to know. I can't wait to start reading ''A Time to Kill''.|Ah, that's nice. He wrote it in 1989, and it was published four years after he started writing it.|''A Time to Kill,'' is a great novel, I really recommend you read it.|That book took him four years to write.
Green is the color between blue and yellow on the visible spectrum.|My favorite color is green. I really love the different variations of it. How about you?|I'm a bot, so I can't see colors. I know that green is between yellow and blue on the visible spectrum.|I like green, it reminds me of trees since it is the color between blue and yellow!|I don't but it reminds me of how it falls between yellow and blue on the visible spectrum.
It is evoked by light which has a dominant wavelength of roughly 495570 nm.|It makes me think of spring and summer, when the grass is nice and green and the trees are full.|That's nice. The dominant wavelength is 495570 nm.|Quite poetic aren't you? I think thats because it is formed by light which has a dominant wavelength|I see, have you heard how its evoked by a light with a dominant wavelength of around 495570 nm?
In subtractive color systems, used in painting and color printing, it is created by a combination of yellow and blue, or yellow and cyan; in the RGB color model, used on television and computer screens, it is one of the additive primary colors, along with red and blue, which are mixed in different combinations to create all other colors.|No, those are technical details I had no ideas about. So green is a part of light right, what else can you tell me?|Well, I can tell you that in subtractive color systems, it is created by a combination of yellow and blue, or yellow and cyan, or in the RGB color model, used on television and computer screens, it is one of the additive primary colors, along with red and blue, which are mixed in different combinations to create all other colors.|Exactly, it is created by a combination of yellow and blue which our eyes percieve.|Ever hear of the subtractive color system? If not, it's used in color printing and painting and green there is formed from blue and yellow combining.
By far the largest contributor to green in nature is chlorophyll, the chemical by which plants photosynthesize and convert sunlight into chemical energy.|Real scientific, I guess that is why there are different shades of green.|I'm not sure, but the chemical that makes sunlight is chlorophyll.|Yes and by far the largest contributor to green in nature is chlorophyll, which you see in trees and plants|Not really positive on that one but the culprit for green in nature is due to chlorophyll, which is a chemical plants use for photosynthesis.
Cheerleading is an activity wherein the participants (referred to as ''cheerleaders'') cheer for their team as a form of encouragement.|I never tried to be a cheerleader, but they were always popular in school. What about you?|I'm a bot, so I can't be a cheerleader. I know that they cheer for their team as a form of encouragement.|Cheerleading is a team sport with encouragement|I can't cheer because I'm a bot, but I know cheerleaders do that to encourage the team.
It can range from chanting slogans to intense physical activity.|Yes, they have lots of spirit too.|Yeah, and it can range from chanting slogans to intense physical activity.|Slogans are often chanted during the games|Slogans are often chanted during the games.
It can range from chanting slogans to intense physical activity.|I even remember a few. They were quite catchy, huh?|I don't know about that but it can range from chanting slogans to intense physical activity.|Yes, and some routines have intense physical activities|I wouldn't know, being a bot, but the routines could also involve intense physical activity.
It can be performed to motivate sports teams, entertain the audience, or for competition.|Yes, I know in smaller grades, not so much. But, in high school and college, it definitely requires strength and endurance.|It can be performed to motivate sports teams, entertain the audience, or for competition.|They can be used as motivators to an audience, too|In addition, they can entertain audiences or compete themselves.
The offense, which is the team controlling the oval-shaped football, attempts to advance down the field by running with or passing the ball, while the defense, which is the team without control of the ball, aims to stop the offense's advance and aims to take control of the ball for themselves.|Do you like football? Or rather , Are you ready for some football?|I'm a bot, so I can't play football. I know that the defense, which is the team that controls the oval-shaped football, attempts to advance down the field by running with or passing the ball.|I am always ready for some football, and I mean the oval shaped ball not the round!|No opinions about football to be given, what about you, do you like when the offense succeeds when trying to advance down the field?
American football evolved in the United States, originating from the sports of association football and rugby football.|I actually like when the defense stops the offense. Do you know the origins of American football?|Yes, American football originated from the sports of rugby and association football.|I know, I am talking about American football like the NFL or NCAA college games.  They are just around the corner.  Do you like football?|Yes, I do, American football originated from association football and rugby football
Currently (2016), there are multiple professional football leagues in North America: the three best known are the National Football League (NFL) and the Arena Football League (AFL) in the U.S. and the Canadian Football League (CFL) in Canada.|Cool, my dream is to play in a professional football league|Oh, that's cool. There are three professional football leagues in North America, right?|Do you have a favorite football team?  Mine is the Dallas Cowboys from the NFL.|Which professional football league do you dream of? The 3 best know are the NFL, AFL and CFL
The team is headquartered in Frisco, Texas, and plays its home games at AT&T Stadium in Arlington, Texas, which opened for the 2009 season.|I dream of joining the NFL, and playing at a big stadium|Cool, did you know that the AT&T Stadium opened in 2009?|The real games don't start until September.  I hope to go to one this year at AT&T Stadium!|Speaking of stadiums, have you ever been to the AT&T Stadium in Arlington?
He came to power by uniting many of the nomadic tribes of Northeast Asia.|genghis khan did so much in history|He united many of the nomadic tribes in Northeast Asia.|exactly, He came to power by uniting his people|Well, I know that by uniting nomadic tribes of Northeast Asia, he was able to come to power.
After founding the Empire and being proclaimed ''Genghis Khan'', he launched the Mongol invasions that conquered most of Eurasia.|oh yea and he conquered so much so fast|He launched the Mongol invasions that conquered most of Eurasia.|after he named himself genghis, he proceeded to capture most of uerasia|And he founded the Empire and was proclaimed "Genghis Khan". Impressive, right?
These campaigns were often accompanied by large-scale massacres of the civilian populations – especially in the Khwarazmian and Western Xia controlled lands.|Yes, but I believe there were massacres as well|Yes, and the civilian populations were often massacred in large quantities.|Exactly this was often achieved by large scale massacre|Correct, there were large-scale massacres accompanying these campaigns.
By the end of his life, the Mongol Empire occupied a substantial portion of Central Asia and China.|oof yea he was brutal.|By the end of his life, the Mongol Empire occupied a substantial portion of Central Asia and China.|by the end of his life he occupied most of central asia and china|But when he was at the end of his life, a substantial part of China and Central Asia was occupied by the Mongol Empire.
Regarded as one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century, he is often referred to as the ''King of Rock and Roll'' or simply ''the King''.|I still love Elvis especially his gospel music|Cool, did you know he's considered one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century?|Ah! The King of Rock and Roll - he was wonderful. Why are you a fan?|Ah, the King! Why are you a fan of him?
Graceland is a mansion on a estate in Memphis, Tennessee, United States, that was owned by Elvis Presley.|I am not really sure, I grew up listening and continued to listen when I became an adult, I also went to Graceland when I was 20|Oh, that's nice. Did you know that Graceland was owned by Elvis Presley?||The mansion in Tennessee?
The Appalachian Mountains dominate the eastern part of the state, and the Mississippi River forms the state's western border.|Yes, I was not really that big of a fan to go there, but it was time and chance and we decided to go|Oh, that's nice. The Appalachian Mountains dominate the eastern part of the state.|Have you visited the Appalachian mountains? I've heard they are incredible|I see, did you also see the Appalachian Mountains, which are east of the state?
His music career began there in 1954, recording at Sun Records with producer Sam Phillips, who wanted to bring the sound of African American music to a wider audience.|No I didnt do that, Elvis was an icon, and I guess always will be|Yeah, he started his career there in 1954.|Definitely - what an amazing career. Started back in 1954 I believe?|Yeah, by the way did you know that 1954 was the year his music career began?
Archery is the sport, practice or skill of using a bow to propel arrows.|Hi I love archery. Do you?|I'm a bot, so I can't do archery. I do know that it involves using a bow to propel arrows.|Of course, I started liking it after i saw RobinHood as a kid. It's a sport that uses  a bow to propel arrows.|I don't have an opinion about it. Tell me, what do you like about this sport that uses a bow to propel arrows?
The bow and arrow seems to have been invented in the later Paleolithic or early Mesolithic periods.|I love that it requires so much skill, when did archery originate?|I'm not sure, but archery seems to have been invented in the early Mesolithic or Paleolithic periods.|The use of Bow and Arrows as date as far back as Paleolithic or early Mesolithic periods.|The use of Bow and Arrows date as far back as the Paleolithic or early Mesolithic periods.
The word comes from the Latin ''arcus''.|That is really far back. What else do you know about archery?|Well, I also know that the word "arcus" comes from Latin.|It was actually coined from the word arcus which is latinn|It was actually coined from the word arcus which is Latin
In modern times, it is mainly a competitive sport and recreational activity.|And archery is also done for hunting?|I'm not sure, but it's a sport that is competitive and a recreational activity.|Yes in today's world it's used for  competitive sport and recreational activity but back in the early days it was for combat and hunting.|I can't say if it is done for hunting or not, what I can tell you is that nowadays it is done mainly as a recreational activity and competitive sport
Archery is the sport, practice or skill of using a bow to propel arrows.|I recently took up archery and I think I love it. Do you know anything about Archery?|I know that archery involves using a bow to propel arrows.||Archery is a sport/skill of using a bow to propel arrows.
The bow and arrow are known to have been invented by the end of the Upper Paleolithic, and for at least 10,000 years archery was an important military and hunting skill, and features prominently in the mythologies of many cultures.|And a great sport it is. Do you know where archery originated from?|I'm not sure, but archery was an important skill for the military and hunting for at least 10,000 years.|It's a very old one, practiced for at least 10,000 years used for military or hunting in many cultures.|I do not know that it was invented at minimum 10000 years ago, and has been used for military and hunting.
Based on indirect evidence, the bow seems to have been invented near the transition from the Upper Paleolithic to the Mesolithic, some 10,000 years ago.|Wow, thats amazing. Its been around for a long time. Do you know which culture invented it?|I'm not sure, but the bow seems to have been invented near the transition from the Upper Paleolithic to the Mesolithic, about 10,000 years ago.|It came from the ''beginning'' of humanity rpetty much, like Upper Paleolithic to Mesolithic times, there wasn't cultures yet, I believe.|I don't know the culture, just that it was around the transition period of the Upper Paleolithic to Mesolithic times,
There are no definite earlier bows; previous pointed shafts are known, but may have been launched by spear-throwers rather than bows.|An I guess it has spread out through out all the different cultures. Which type of bow do you consider to be the best?|I don't have any opinions on that, but I know that there are no earlier bows, but there are pointed shafts that are known.|I like spear-throwers rather than bows, but all of them are pretty cool.|I don't have a stance on that and did you know that there are no definite early bows? There were pointed shafts but could have been thanks to spear-throwers.
A person who participates in archery is typically called an archer or a ''bowman'', and a person who is fond of or an expert at archery is sometimes called a toxophilite.|So we don't have any evidence of bows themselves, interesting! Do you happen to know what a person doing archery is called?|I'm not sure, but I know that a person who participates in archery is called an archer.|I don't personally do it but I really admire it, people who are experts in it are called toxophilites.|They would be called a "bowman" meanwhile an expert of archery is sometimes known as a toxophilite.
It is one of the major forms of throwing sports.|Hello, have you ever gone bowling before?|No, I'm a bot, so I can't. I know that it's one of the major throwing sports.|Yes, I love throwing sports.|No, but I know its one of the main forms of throwing sports.
The maximum score is 300, which is achieved by getting 12 strikes in a row.|I like bowling every once in awhile, but I'm not very good. Do you know your best score for a round of bowling?|I don't, but I know that the maximum score is 300.|If you get 12 strikes you can get a 300. Do you think you can ever get that?|I don't bowl but if one was to get 12 strikes in a row, they would get maximum score of 300.
Three consecutive strikes is a known as a ''turkey''.|12 seems a bit unlikely for most people, doesn't getting consecutive strikes also mean you get some special word or something?|I'm not sure, but I know that three consecutive strikes are called a "turkey".|Maybe try bumper bowling. Have you ever gotten a Turkey which is three consecutive strikes|Oh do you mean getting a turkey? That's when one gets 3 consecutive strikes.
The term ''hambone'' has also been used to describe four consecutive strikes.|Yeah yeah that's the one! I usually get gutter balls though so hitting makes me happy. I wonder though, is there more after a turkey?|I'm not sure, but the term "hambone" is used to describe four strikes in a row.|So getting a hambone is way out of the question. It's four consecutive strikes.|So, if one was to get 4 strikes in a row, they would get what is known as a "hambone".
The most common types of pin bowling include ten-pin, nine-pin, candlepin, duckpin and five-pin bowling, while in target bowling, bowls, skittles, kegel, bocce, carpet bowls, pétanque, and boules, both indoor and outdoor varieties are popular.|Cool, thanks for the info. I've been mostly just playing bowling with the pins but is there any other form out there?|I'm not sure, but the most common types of pin bowling are ten-pin, nine-pin, duckpin, and five-pin.|Nope, very few people can do that. Do you play nine pin or ten pin?|In fact there is! There is things such as candlepin, duckpin, target bowling types such as bowls or kegel and bocce as well to name several.
Such reasons can involve things which are directly internal to the relationship, or external factors, which may or may not be within their direct control.|Hello. I'm involved in an on-again, off-again relationship, and I don't think my girlfriend understands.|That's nice. Do you have a relationship with someone else? They can be internal or external.||Do you think the inabity to keep the relationship going is due to factors insided the relationship or some external factor beyond your control?
Reasons for such relationships to form can be complex.|I'm not sure. What do you think is usually the case in relationships like this?|I'm not sure, but I know that the reason for such relationships can be complex.|Could be ither, really because reasons why relationships like yours for can be complex.|I don't know. Reasons for these types of relationships can be complicated.
Interpersonal communication is an exchange of information between two or more people.|Indeed, that's true. What steps do you think we can take to improve the relationship?|I'm not sure, but I know that there's an exchange of information between two people and more.|Well, the best way would be for each of you to communicate with the other about your goals in the relationship.|I wouldn't know. That said, an exchange of information between people is called interpersonal communication.
After establishing a career as a writer, becoming best known for his science fiction and fantasy stories, he developed a system called Dianetics which was first expounded in book form in May 1950.|Yes, I think that communication is key. What about couples therapy? Could that help?|I'm not sure, but Dianetics was first expounded in 1950.|Maybe.  It would help to openly communicate.  I recommend also  that you should read ''Diantics'' a book by L. Ron Hubbard.|I really don't know. By chance, have you ever heard of L. Ron Hubbard? He wrote a book about something he called Dianetics back in 1950.
Instagram is a mobile, desktop, and Internet-based photo-sharing application and service that allows users to share pictures and videos either publicly, or privately to pre-approved followers.|I use social media a lot, but mainly Facebook and Twitter.  I have an Instagram account, but don't really understand why it's so popular.|Oh, I see. Did you know Instagram is a photo sharing application?|Instagram is a photo sharing app and is used on mobile, internet and desktop. The users will share pictures and video.|Instagram is a photo sharing app and is used on mobile, the Internet, and desktop. The users can share pictures and videos.
It is owned by Facebook.|That's what I don't get.  I can share pictures on Facebook with a narrative.  Instagram doesn't have much writing.  Is that what people want now?|I'm not sure, but Facebook owns it.|Facebook actually owns Instagram, so I don't know why it wouldn't be a bit more similar in that area.|No clue on that but you may be interested to know that Facebook actually owns it.
Instagram lets registered users upload photos or videos to the service.|I didn't know that!  I follow a lot of pages with news and things on FB.  Does that type of thing exist on Instagram?  I would think not.|I'm not sure, but Instagram lets registered users upload photos or videos to the service.|I believe Instagram is more about just uploading photos and videos, that's about it.|I'm not sure as Instagram is about users uploading videos or photos to the service.
Users can apply various digital filters to their images, and add locations through geotags.|My teen uses something similar to Instagram called Snapchat.  All he seems to do is take selfies on it.  It and Instagram just seem vain to me.  It doesn't feel like real communication.|Oh, cool. Did you know that users can use different digital filters to add locations through geotags?|I agree! Instagram lets the users implement digital filters to their images and also lets them put on their location by using geotags. That is all about appearances!|I see, well another thing is that users can use digital filters on their pictures and also add locations thanks to geotags.
Harry Potter is a series of fantasy novels written by British author J. K. Rowling.|I love fantasy fiction, but I never finished the Harry Potter series.|Oh, Harry Potter? It's a series of fantasy novels written by J. K Rowling.|Yes. They are fantasy novels written by British author J. K. Rowling, if reading is too hard you can watch the movie.|Speaking of the Harry Potter series, have you read any other thing also written by J. K Rowling ?
The novels chronicle the life of a young wizard, Harry Potter, and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley, all of whom are students at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.|No, I have not, the books didn't keep me interested|Oh, that's nice. The novels chronicle the life of a young wizard, Harry Potter, and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley.|The novel talks about the  life of a young wizard, Harry Potter, and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley, all of whom are students at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.The movies are also good|Got it. I know that the novels are about the life of Harry Potter, a young wizard, and his friends, Hermione and Ron
The main story arc concerns Harry's struggle against Lord Voldemort, a dark wizard who intends to become immortal, overthrow the wizard governing body known as the Ministry of Magic, and subjugate all wizards and muggles, a reference term that means non-magical people.|I think the place I quit reading was where they were at Hogwarts and were being picked for ''houses'' to live in.  That's pretty early on.|Oh, that's nice. Harry's main story arc is about a dark wizard who wants to become immortal.|The  point of interest about the novel is Harry's struggle against Lord Voldemort, this lord has plans to live forever|Do you at least know the main story arc of the series ? It's all about Harry's struggle against Lord Voldemort
The main story arc concerns Harry's struggle against Lord Voldemort, a dark wizard who intends to become immortal, overthrow the wizard governing body known as the Ministry of Magic, and subjugate all wizards and muggles, a reference term that means non-magical people.|How many books did Lord Voldemort survive?|I'm not sure, but the main story arc is about Harry's struggle against him.|Oh well, to find out you just have to finish reading from where you left off..hahaha.Voldemort overthrow the wizard governing body known as the Ministry of Magic, and subjugate all wizards and muggles, a reference term that means non-magical people|Actually, I don't have this information. What I know is that Lord Voldemort intends to become immortal
Elvis Aaron Presley (January 8, 1935 – August 16, 1977) was an American singer, musician, and actor.|Elvis presley was ahead of his time and really brought in a new era of music|He was born on January 8, 1935 and was an actor and musician.|I loved Elvis! I saw him in concert when I was 11. He was born Elvis Aaron Presley in January of 1977 and not only was a singer but also was an actor and musician.|Really? Interesting! He was an actor as well as a singer.
Regarded as one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century, he is often referred to as the ''King of Rock and Roll'' or simply ''the King''.|He was amazing, didnt he have the title the king of rock or something?|I'm not sure, but he's considered one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century.||He was called the ''King of Rock and Roll'' or some just call him ''The King'' and he was one of the biggest icons of the 20th century.
Presley's first RCA single, ''Heartbreak Hotel'', was released in January 1956 and became a number one hit in the United States.|Such a shame for him to die so young, so many talented people get into drugs early on.|I see, did you know his first RCA single was called "Heartbreak Hotel"? It came out in 1956.|It is so tragic! His first single ''Heartbreak Hotel'' became number 1 in the United States.|Well, on a different note, his first single was Heartbreak Hotel, which hit number 1 in the US.
Presley was born in Tupelo, Mississippi, and relocated to Memphis, Tennessee, with his family when he was 13 years old.|Im not surprised with a name like King.|I don't know about King, but he was born in Tupelo, Mississippi.|He came from such a small town, when he was born in Tupelo, Mississippi and moved to Memphis when he was 13. Who would have guessed he would be the KING! lol|For some personal history, he was born in Tupelo, Mississippi. He and his family moved to Memphis in his 13th year.
With a series of successful network television appearances and chart-topping records, he became the leading figure of the newly popular sound of rock and roll.|Oh, interesting. He seemed so cool and humble.|He was the leading figure of rock and roll's newly popular sound.|He was so generous and often gave away vehicles! His series of tv appearances and top singles made him the leading figure of the sound of rock and roll.|Is that so? Anyway, he ended up as one of the leading figures of rock and roll via his TV appearances and records.
A blog (a truncation of the expression ''weblog'') is a discussion or informational website published on the World Wide Web consisting of discrete, often informal diary-style text entries (''posts'').|I started to blog recently. Mostly to review food.|Oh, cool! Have you ever read a blog? It's a discussion or informational website published on the World Wide Web.|I love reading blogs. It's a great way to discuss topics in diary-style posts|Great, are your text entries in informal diary-style, like it often is in blogs ?
Posts are typically displayed in reverse chronological order, so that the most recent post appears first, at the top of the web page.|Yes, mine are pretty informal, it is a great way for someone to voice their opinions.|Interesting, did you know that the most recent post is displayed in reverse chronological order?|The only thing that confuses me is that they are usually displayed in reverse chronological order, so recent posts appear first. After reading blogs for awhile, I finally got used to that concept.|Got it, but what do you think about the reverse chronological order ? I know that posts are typically displayed like this
Until 2009, blogs were usually the work of a single individual, occasionally of a small group, and often covered a single subject or topic.|Yes, it is confusing at first but from a readers perspective it makes the most sense.|I see, but I know that blogs were usually the work of a single individual until 2009|That is true, it does make the most sense. Up until 2009, blogs were usually written by a single writer and usually only covered one topic. Now there are multi-authored blogs.|Now, tell me, are your blog a work of only a single individual, or does it have a small group taking care of it ?
The rise of Twitter and other ''microblogging'' systems helps integrate MABs and single-author blogs into the news media.|My blog is only mine, I still can take care of it on my own|Oh, that's nice. Did you know that the rise of Twitter and other "microblogging" systems helps integrate MABs and single-author blogs into the news media?|And now with Twitter and other systems it helps to integrate the different blogs into the news media. The web is amazing!|Nice, what about twitter and other microblogging systems, do you like using them?
Online shopping is a form of electronic commerce which allows consumers to directly buy goods or services from a seller over the Internet using a web browser.|Do you shop online for clothes?|I'm a bot, so I can't shop. I know that online shopping is a form of electronic commerce.|Yes quite often.  It allows me to directly buy goods from a seller over the internet without having to leave the comfort of my home.  What about you?|I am a bot so I don't even wear clothes, what about you, do you like to buy goods directly from a seller using a web browser over the internet ?
Consumers find a product of interest by visiting the website of the retailer directly or by searching among alternative vendors using a shopping search engine, which displays the same product's availability and pricing at different e-retailers.|Yes, I think shopping like this is way better.|I see, did you know that you can find products of interest by visiting the retailer's website directly?|I love visiting websites of different retailers directly to see product availability and the best prices.|Good for you, have you ever used a shopping search engine? it lets you see the same product's availability and also pricing at different e-retailers
As of 2016, customers can shop online using a range of different computers and devices, including desktop computers, laptops, tablet computers and smartphones.|No, I have never used one, I like to sit with my tablet and visit the websites directly|Oh, cool! Do you shop online? As of 2016, customers can use a range of computers and devices.|Thats another great thing, you can use computers, laptops, tablets and now even your phone to shop online.|Thats another great thing, you can use computers, laptops, tablets and now even your smartphone to shop online.
Online stores typically enable shoppers to use ''search'' features to find specific models, brands or items.|That's true. I have to admit that sometimes it is difficult to find the product I am looking for|I see, did you know that online stores typically allow shoppers to use search features to find specific items, models or brands?|I am a fan of amazon, I love that you can narrow down your search to find specific models, brands or items and the range of items then have is amazing.|Well, have you ever used search features to find specific brands, models or items?
An online shop evokes the physical analogy of buying products or services at a regular ''bricks-and-mortar'' retailer or shopping center; the process is called business-to-consumer (B2C) online shopping.|That's cool, I will try it next time.|That's cool. Did you know that the process is called business-to-consumer?|I just enjoy the choice offered.  An online shop even eokes the physical analogy of buying at a normal bricks and mortar retailer so it is so easy and relaxing.|Ok, one last thing, have you realised that online shops even evoke the physical analogy of regular bricks-an-mortar retailers?
It is owned by Facebook.|Instagram is a great way to share picture with my family and friends. Do you use it?|I can't use Instagram, being a bot, but I know it's owned by Facebook.|I do not use Instagram, but I do use Facebook.  Apparently Facebook owns Instagram.|I do not but I know that Facebook owns it.
Originally, a distinctive feature of Instagram was its confining of photos to a square; this was changed in August 2015, when an update started allowing users to upload media at full size.|Ya. That is why you get messages in FB about Instagram. I heard the younger people like Instagram better than FB.|I see, did you know that Instagram's confining of photos was originally a feature?|I am not too old, mainly lazy.  Originally Instagram only allowed photos to be uploaded in a distinct square shape.|Interesting, did you know that an original feature on Instagram was confining photos in a square?
The massive influx of personal information that has become available online and stored in the cloud has put user privacy at the forefront of discussion of the databases ability to safely store such personal information.|No, I didn't use it at the very beginning. My parents worry about my photos being online too.|That's too bad. The massive influx of personal information that is available online has put privacy at the forefront of discussion.|I have actually started to worry about the personal information that I constantly upload to social media.  Has user privacy ever been an issue for you?|Well, due to the amount of personal info online, there are discussions about how databases can store personal information safely.
Notable issues include Internet privacy, such as its use of a widespread ''like'' button on third-party websites tracking users, possible indefinite records of user information, automatic facial recognition software, and its role in the workplace, including employer-employee account disclosure.|Interesting, what are some issues they are discussing about?|I'm not sure, but there are some notable issues like the use of a "like" button on third-party websites tracking users.|I guess Facebook has also been accused of allowing third party websites track the likes of users, so that's pretty problematic behavior.|Some issues of interest would be things like the like button tracking users on third-party sites and facial recognition software.
Skiing has a history of almost five millennia.|I tried to learn snow skiing.  I just never did very well. So I don't like it|I see, did you know that it has a history of almost 5 millennia?|I have always enjoyed it.  I am not that good either.  Skiing has been around for over 5 thousand years|I see, but skiing has around 5000 years of history.
Although modern skiing has evolved from beginnings in Scandinavia, it may have been practiced more than 100 centuries ago in what is now China, according to an interpretation of ancient paintings.|That is a long time.  Was it invented in the Nordic countries?|I'm not sure, but skiing has evolved from Scandinavia's beginnings, but it may have been practiced more than 100 centuries ago in China.||Modern skiing is traced back to Scandinavia.  However, there is evidence it was practiced in China many years before that
A ski is a narrow strip of semi-rigid material worn underfoot to glide over snow.|China-that is interesting.  WHy are modern skis so long?|I'm not sure, but they are a strip of semi-rigid material worn underfoot to glide over snow.|They are long and narrow strips that allow for gliding over snow|I'm not sure why the narrow strips of materials are long but they're worn under the foot to glide over snow.
Traditional snowshoes have a hardwood frame with rawhide lacings.|Were the Chinese skiis made the same way long ago? I think I would be better with snowshoes.|I'm not sure, but traditional snowshoes have a hardwood frame with rawhide lacings.|I believe that China used something more like a snowshoe.  It had a hardwood frame and lacings|I'm not sure if it was the Chinese skiis but traditional ones had rawhide lacings and a hardwood frame.
It comes from the Old Norse word ''skíð'' which means ''split piece of wood or firewood''.|Now that is interesting. I know I could do better.  Long skiis always cross in front of me.  Can't keep them straight.|I see, did you know that the word "sk" comes from the Old Norse word?||The word ski actually comes from skio which is split piece of wood
Green is the color between blue and yellow on the visible spectrum.|My favortie color is green because it makes my eyes pop.|That's nice. Green is between yellow and blue on the visible spectrum.|Green is the color between blue and yellow on the spectrum. It's so pretty.|I see, did you happen to know it is also a color on the visible spectrum? Specifically between yellow and blue.
Many creatures have adapted to their green environments by taking on a green hue themselves as camouflage.|I used to use blue and yellow paint to make green, so that makes sense|That's nice. Many creatures have adapted to their green environments by taking on a green hue as a camouflage.|Many creatures have adapted to green environments by turning green themselves.|Cool, another thing is that animals have used a green hue as their camouflage.
In the Middle Ages and Renaissance, green was the color commonly associated with merchants, bankers and the gentry, while red was reserved for the nobility.|Thats pretty cool, like a chameleon?|I'm not sure, but in the Middle Ages and Renaissance, green was associated with merchants, bankers, and the gentry.|Exactly. In the Middle Ages green was the color associated with merchants and bankers.|I don't know what a chameleon is but another thing green represented, at least in the Renaissance and Middle Ages, was bankers and merchants.
It also has a long historical tradition as the color of Ireland and of Gaelic culture.|I never knew that.  Is that why money is green?|I'm not sure, but it has a long history tradition as the color of Ireland and the Gaelic culture.|It definitely contributed to money being green. There is also a long tradition of green being the color of Ireland.|I don't know the connection between green and money but its had a long historic tradition of being Ireland's color.
Accounting or accountancy is the measurement, processing, and communication of financial information about economic entities such as businesses and corporations.|Hi! I am an accountant! How about you?|I'm a bot, so I can't work. I know that accounting is the measurement, processing, and communication of financial information about economic entities.|I used to be one! Accounting is the measure and communication of financial information|No, I'm not an accountant, I'm a bot. However, I am aware that accounting involves measuring, processing, and reporting financial information that's about businesses and corporations.
The modern field was established by the Italian mathematician Luca Pacioli in 1494.|Neat! I just got recently hired. I wonder how long accounting has been around before?|I'm not sure, but the modern field was established by the Italian mathematician in 1494.|A long time! The modern form was established by Luca Pacioli, an Italian mathematician in 1494|Accounting in its modern form dates back to 1494. A mathematician from Italy named Luca Pacioli invented it.
Accounting, which has been called the ''language of business'', measures the results of an organization's economic activities and conveys this information to a variety of users, including investors, creditors, management, and regulators.|I'm guessing he was pretty innovative in his day! It is spread across the globe now! What an important communication tool.|I'm not sure, but accounting is a language of business. It measures the results of an organization's economic activities.|Yes, it is often called the ''language of business'' and it conveys business information to a range of users from creditors to management|It's called the language of business, and it is used to convey economic information to several types of people, like creditors or regulators.
Accounting can be divided into several fields including financial accounting, management accounting, external auditing, tax accounting and cost accounting.|That is a good way to look at it! Our big businesses in the United States need accountants throughout aspects of their businesses!|I see, well accounting can be divided into several fields, like financial accounting, management accounting, and cost accounting.|Yes, there are also various fields of accounting, including financial, managerial, auditing, and tax accounting|That's an interesting thought! There are actually a few different fields of accounting, like financial, management, cost and tax accounting, and also external auditing.
Green is the color between blue and yellow on the visible spectrum.|i love the color green but i dont know a lot about it, what about you?|I know that it's between yellow and blue on the visible spectrum.|on the visible spectrum the color green is the color between blue and yellow|On the visible spectrum, the color green is the color between blue and yellow.
It is evoked by light which has a dominant wavelength of roughly 495570 nm.|interesting i dint think it had anything to do with blue, i love the color green because it reminds me of nature|That's nice. It's evoked by light, which has a dominant wavelength of 495570 nm.|the light which it evokes has a dominant wavelength of roughly 495570 nm|I see, did you know that the light which evokes it has a dominant wavelength of around 495570 nm?
By far the largest contributor to green in nature is chlorophyll, the chemical by which plants photosynthesize and convert sunlight into chemical energy.|i did not know that , do you know what makes the grass green?|I'm not sure, but the chemical that makes it green is chlorophyll.|i know that the largest contributor to green in nature is chlorophyll, thats the chemical by which plants photosynthesize and convert sunlight into engery|I know that the largest contributor to green in nature is chlorophyll, that's the chemical by which plants photosynthesize and convert sunlight into energy.
Many creatures have adapted to their green environments by taking on a green hue themselves as camouflage.|that is really interesting you really know a lot about the color green, is it your favorite color?|I'm a bot, so I can't really see colors. I know that many creatures have adapted to their green environments by taking on a green hue as a camouflage.|yes but also many creatures have changed to their green environments by taking on a green hue as comouflage.|No, but I know a lot of creatures adapted with a green hue to their green environments.
In the Middle Ages and Renaissance, green was the color commonly associated with merchants, bankers and the gentry, while red was reserved for the nobility.|yeah i remember watching som cameleons when they turn green on top of trees, it is really amazing|That's cool. Green was the color associated with merchants, bankers, and the gentry during the Middle Ages.|the color green was commonly associated with merchants bankers and the gentry in the middle ages|Sounds interesting, also did you know green is the commonly associated color for merchants, bankers, as well as the gentry during the Middle Ages?
Hunting is the practice of killing or trapping animals, or pursuing or tracking them with the intent of doing so.|I love to hunt especially deer for venison do you hunt?|I'm a bot, so I can't hunt. I know that hunting involves killing or trapping animals.|Hunting is the practice of killing or trapping animals.  I dont hunt|Hunting is the practice of killing or trapping animals. I don't hunt.
Hunting wildlife or feral animals is most commonly done by humans for food, recreation, to remove predators that are dangerous to humans or domestic animals, or for trade.|Yes I live in a rural area and we hunt for meat to eat, not for sport|Ah, that's nice. Do you hunt wildlife or feral animals for recreation, or for trade?|Hunting can be done for food, recreation or to remove dangerous animals from the area|Hunting can be done for food, recreation or to remove dangerous animals from the area.
Lawful hunting is distinguished from poaching, which is the illegal killing, trapping or capture of the hunted species.|Yes well in my area we do have to hunt to remove predators for the safety of livestock as well|That's nice. Do you like to hunt for the hunted species?|Hunting lawfully is different than poaching, which is killing of certain species|Hunting lawfully is different than poaching, which is killing or capturing prey illegally.
However, excessive hunting has also heavily contributed to the endangerment, extirpation and extinction of many animals.|Yes poachers are just terrible people in my opinion|I see, did you know that excessive hunting has also contributed to the extinction, extirpation and endangerment of many animals?|Yeah, excess hunting can lead to the endangerment and extinction of many animals|Ah, I see. Excessive hunting has led to species being endangered or even becoming extinct.
The pursuit, capture and release, or capture for food of fish is called fishing, which is not commonly categorised as a form of hunting.|Agreed and for legal hunters there are rules, regulations and limits in place|I see, did you know fishing is a form of hunting?|Its weird because capturing fish for food is called fishing and is not concidered hunting|Did you realize catching or trapping fish is not called hunting? It's called fishing.
The Walking Dead is an American post-apocalyptic horror television series developed by Frank Darabont for AMC that is based on the comic book series of the same name by Robert Kirkman, Tony Moore, and Charlie Adlard.|Have you ever seen The Walking Dead?|No, I'm a bot and can't watch TV. I know it's based on the comic book series.|The American post-apocalyptic series? The one based on the comic book series by Robert Kirkman? Yes I love it! How about you?|Nope, I have not had the opportunity. I know its made by Frank Darabont and is based on Robert Kirkman's comic book series.
Andrew Lincoln plays the show's lead character, sheriff's deputy Rick Grimes, who awakens from a coma discovering a world overrun by zombies, commonly referred to as ''walkers''.|I watch it every week, one of my favorite tv shows.|Oh, cool! Did you know Rick Grimes is Rick Lincoln?|My favorite character is Rick Grimes played by Andrew Lincoln. How's yours?|Neat, so are you a fan of Andrew Lincoln? He's the actor who plays Rick Grimes, the show lead.
Grimes reunites with his family and becomes the leader of a group he forms with other survivors.|Rick Grimes is also my favorite character.|Cool, did you know he reunites with his family?|I love how he forms a group with other survivors and reunites his family. It's a pretty exciting ride! Have you finished the whole series?|Neat, it sounds interesting how he reunites with his family and forms a group of survivors. Have you seen the whole series?
Much of the series takes place in and around Atlanta, Georgia, and later Alexandria, Virginia.|I have not. I usually watch them all at once when the season ends.|Oh, yeah? It's a lot of the series that happens in Atlanta, Georgia.|I once visited Atlanta Georgia, where the series is filmed. I seen them setting up once. Have you ever seen any behind the scenes footage?|Ah, I see. Have you or are you at Atlanta, Georgia? That's where a lot of the series takes place at.
The garment is mostly associated with the college culture of the Roaring Twenties and early 1930s, being also popular throughout the 1950s, the 1970s and the 1990s.|I wear cardigans because I look classy and cultured.|Oh, cool! Did you know that the garment is associated with the college culture of the Roaring Twenties?|Its definitely a cultured garment as it's associated with college culture from the Roaring Twenties.|Well, cardigans are mostly associated with the Roaring Twenties' college culture.
The garment is mostly associated with the college culture of the Roaring Twenties and early 1930s, being also popular throughout the 1950s, the 1970s and the 1990s.|That's cool, do you know when they were first made?|I'm not sure, but they were popular throughout the 1950s, 1970s, and the 1990s.|I'm unsure of its earliest origins, but the earliest popularized date of the shirt I'm aware of is from the 1930s.  I'm sure it's been around for longer.|I don't know it's origins, but it was popular in the Roaring Twenties and early 30s, as well as the 1950s, 1970s, and 1990s.
A cardigan is a type of knitted garment (sweater) that has an open front.|Interesting, what are they usually made of?|I'm not sure, but they have an open front.|the cardigan is a knitted sweater, made of wool among other fabrics.|I don't know, but it's a knitted sweater.
It is modelled after the knitted wool waistcoat that British officers supposedly wore during the war.|What are some other types of knitted sweaters?|I'm not sure, but it is modelled after the knitted wool waistcoat that British officers supposedly wore during the war.|Well you might be fascinated to know that Britisch officers had knitted waist coasts.  I'm unsure about other sweaters though.|I can't say, but it was modelled on British officers' waistcoats.
Skiing can be a means of transport, a recreational activity or a competitive winter sport in which the participant uses skis to glide on snow.|Skiing is one of my most favorite things to do. Have you ever been skiing|No, I'm a bot, so I can't do it. I know that it can be a sport for a person to use skis to glide on snow.|Yes especially the fact that is can be a mean of transport|No but do you use it for competitive sport?
Skiing in Australia takes place in the high country of the states of New South Wales, Victoria and Tasmania as well as in the Australian Capital Territory, during the southern hemisphere winter.|Yeah, sometimes with friends but not in actual lol. We're in Australia and I'm not too familiar with all the ski places yet, do you know some?|Yes, it's in the high country of New South Wales, Tasmania, and Victoria.|Just you as it is done in Australia which takes place in high country of he states|I'm not sure about the places although skiing takes place in high country locations. So states like New South Wales and Victoria or Australian Capital Territory during the winter.
Skiing has a history of almost five millennia.|Ah okay, I'll research some of those skiing spots. Do you happen to know when skiing started as well?|I'm not sure, but skiing has a history of almost 5 millennia.|There have been skiing as far back as five millenias|Well, it has almost 5000 years of history.
The sport requires sufficient area on a smooth stretch of water, one or two skis, a tow boat with tow rope, three people (depending on state boating laws), and a personal flotation device.|What was used at the skis and poles?|I'm not sure, but there are several skis, tow boats with tow rope, and a flotation device.|Waster skiing require sufficient are on a smooth stretch of water|No clue on that sorry but another skiing sport needs a smooth stretch of water with a large area as well as things like a tow boat and three people!
American football, referred to as football in the United States and Canada, and also known as gridiron football or simply gridiron, is a team sport played by two teams of eleven players on a rectangular field with goalposts at each end.|Do you like American football?|I'm a bot, so I can't watch football. I know it's a team sport played by two teams of eleven players.|Yes, I love American football. What could be better than two teams of eleven player running on a field? lol|I'm a bot, so I can't watch football. I'm aware, however, that it involves two 11-player teams playing on a rectangular field.
The Redskins have played more than 1,000 games since 1932, and are one of only five franchises in the NFL to record over 600 regular season and postseason wins, reaching that mark in 2015.|Oh, OK. I love Washington Redskins.|They have played over 1,000 games since 1932.|Me too!! I live in DC so I'm a fan. They played more than 1000 games since 1932|Ah, that team has played over 1,000 games since 1932, and won more than 600 in the regular season.
Concussions and other types of repetitive play-related head blows in American football have been shown to be the cause of chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE), which has led to player suicides and other debilitating symptoms after retirement, including memory loss, depression, anxiety, headaches, and also sleep disturbances.|That's a lot of games and running around. I bet there were so many concussions|I'm not sure, but it's been shown to be the cause of chronic traumatic encephalopathy.|Concussions in American football is a big problem. Concussions caused CTE which has led to player suisides|Oh, really? Concussions and other types of head blows lead to CTE. That has also led to player suicides.
Chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE) is a neurodegenerative disease found in people who have had multiple head injuries.|what's CTE?|It's a neurodegenerative disease that can be found in people with multiple head injuries.|It's Chronic traumatic encephalopy and i's found in people who have had multiple head injuries|It's chronic traumatic encephalopy and i's found in people who have had multiple head injuries.
Harry Potter is a series of fantasy novels written by British author J. K. Rowling.|I love to read.  What about you? I am currently reading the harry potter collection.|I'm a bot, so I can't read. I know that J. K Rowling wrote the series of fantasy novels.|Harry Potter is a series of fantasy novels written by British author|I am a bot, so that question doesn't apply to me, let me give you some information about the Harry Potter novels series then. Did you know that those were written by J. K. Rowling, a British author?
Harry Potter is a series of fantasy novels written by British author J. K. Rowling.|Yes, I knew that, she is pretty famous. I am only on the first one, but I am loving it so far. Which one do you think is the most popular?|I don't have an opinion about it, but I know that J. K Rowling wrote the series of fantasy novels.|Harry Potter is a series of fantasy novels|I don't have information about which of the fantasy novels of the Harry Potter series is the most popular.
The novels chronicle the life of a young wizard, Harry Potter, and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley, all of whom are students at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.|Aparently you can do a harry potter tour in London.  I think it would be brilliant!|Oh, cool! Harry Potter and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley are all students at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.||The novels chronicle the life of a young wizard, Harry Potter, and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley, all of whom are students at Hogwarts School
The main story arc concerns Harry's struggle against Lord Voldemort, a dark wizard who intends to become immortal, overthrow the wizard governing body known as the Ministry of Magic, and subjugate all wizards and muggles, a reference term that means non-magical people.|I know.  Have you read any harry potter books yourself?|I have not, but I know of Lord Voldemort, who is a dark wizard who wants to become immortal.|Not really.  The main story arc concerns Harry's struggle against Lord Voldemort, a dark wizard who intends to become immortal,|Not really. But I know that the the main story arc concerns Harry's struggle against Lord Voldemort, a dark wizard who intends to become immortal.
Since the release of the first novel, ''Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone'', on 26 June 1997, the books have found immense popularity, critical acclaim, and commercial success worldwide.|He is an interesting character indeed.  The books are so popular. So far the books have sold more than 500 million copies worldwide, making them the best-selling book series in history, and have been translated into eighty languages|They have been hugely popular, critical acclaim and commercial success worldwide.|Since the release of the first novel, ''Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone'', on 26 June 1997, the books have found immense popularity,|Since the release of the first novel, ''Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone'', on 26 June 1997, the books have found immense popularity
Harry Potter is a series of fantasy novels written by British author J. K. Rowling.|I like reading. Harry Potter is one of my favorites|Oh, that's nice. Did you know J. K Rowling wrote it?|It is such a great work. i commend the British author J. K. Rowling on this. I love every part of the series.|Ah, cool. Did you know they were written by J. K. Rowling?
The books have won multiple awards, and sold more than 400 million copies.|Yes, it's such a long, intricate story. I'm blown away by her accomplishment.|I see, did you know that over 400 million copies of the books have been sold?||Her books  won multiple awards, and sold more than 400 million copies.
They have attracted a wide adult audience as well as younger readers, and are often considered cornerstones of modern young adult literature.|That's astounding!|They have attracted a wide adult audience as well as a younger reader.|I am an adult reader of the Harry potter. Even though the audiences for it is not limited to people of my age group. It  attracted a wide adult audience as well as younger readers|They've also gained a wide adult audience, in addition to the younger readers.
, the books have sold more than 500 million copies worldwide, making them the best-selling book series in history, and have been translated into seventy-three languages.|I read it when I was young, and again as an adult. I enjoyed it both times!|That's nice. They have sold over 500 million copies worldwide.|of course. I have read it multiple times too. I am not surprised it is the  best-selling book series in history, and have been translated into seventy-three languages.|Nice! Over half a billion copies of the books have been sold, and they've even been translated to 73 languages.
Writer J. K. Rowling cites several writers as influences in her creation of her bestselling ''Harry Potter'' series.|I think it's the most re-readable series I've ever read|I see, did you know J. K. Rowling cites writers as influences in her bestselling series?|I once learnt she once cites several writers as influences in her creation. I wish i could know their names|J. K. Rowling had several influences for the Harry Potter series, as well.
John Ray Grisham Jr. (; born February 8, 1955) is an American bestselling writer, attorney, politician, and activist best known for his popular legal thrillers.|What are some of John Grisham's movies?|I'm not sure, but he's a bestselling writer, attorney, politician, and activist.|I'm not quite sure but to my knowledge John Grisham was a writer, he might've been making movies too, that I don't know.|I'm not sure but I understand he was a writer and known for his legal thrillers.
His books have been translated into 42 languages and published worldwide.|Do you read any of his books?|No, I'm a bot, so I can't read. I know he's been translated into 42 languages.|I never have but I heard his books have been translated into 42 languages, I think he's a popular author.|I never have but I know his books had been translated into 42 languages.
Benjamin McLane Spock (May 2, 1903 – March 15, 1998) was an American pediatrician whose book ''Baby and Child Care'' (1946) is one of the best-sellers of all time.|Wow, that's a lot of languages to translate a book in. I believe his books are suspenseful and involve law related stories since his background is a lawyer.|I see, well, he wrote "Baby and Child Care" in 1946.|Oh that's really cool, I heard he was writing thrillers as well. It amazes me how people from different backgrounds write books. Grisham was a lawyer, take Benjamin Spock for example, he was a pediatrician who was writing books too.|Oh that's really cool. Have you heard of the pediatrician, Benjamin McLane Spock? He wrote one of the best-sellers called "Baby and Child Care".
The book's premise to mothers is that ''you know more than you think you do.''|No, I have not had the pleasure of reading about it. How about a summary to see if it would interest me?|I'm not sure, but the book's premise is that you know more than you think you do.|Yeah , Spock wrote ''you know more than you think you do''. So I think anyone can begin writing, using what they're best at and own knowledge.|Yeah, well I actually don't know the summary but the premise of it is how moms know more than they believe they do.
Popcorn, or pop corn, is a variety of corn kernel, which forcefully expands and puffs up when heated.|Sometimes the taste of popcorn puts me off. Do you like popcorns?|I'm a bot, so I can't eat. I know that popcorn is a variety of corn kernels.|I like popcorn. It is based on corn and kernels.|I'm indifferent to popcorn, its just a corn kernel variety which expands and puffs up upon heating.
Corn was first domesticated 9,000 years ago in what is now Mexico.|Who invented popcorn?|I'm not sure, but corn was first domesticated 9,000 years ago in Mexico.|I am not sure, but corn was developed in Mexico long ago.|I am not sure, but corn was domesticated in present day Mexico 9000 years ago.
Archaeologists discovered that people have known about popcorn for thousands of years.|Wow, I thought it was the american indian's. Do you know what happens that makes the corn pops?|I'm not sure, but I know that people have known about popcorn for thousands of years.|I am not sure, but archaeologists have known about popcorn for thousands of years Maybe heat has something to do with it.|I'm not sure about the process for that but archaeologists have found that people thousands of years ago had known about popcorn.
Popping of the kernels was achieved by hand on the stovetop through the 19th century.|Do you know how many flavours there are?|I'm not sure, but the stovetop was used to plug kernels by hand.|No idea, but the stovetop has been used to pop kernels since the 10th century.|No idea, but the stovetop was used to pop kernels through the 1800s.
Nickelback is a Canadian rock band formed in 1995 in Hanna, Alberta, Canada.|Do you like Nickelback? What can you tell me about him so I can be convinced to listen to his songs?|I can't listen to music, being a bot, but I know that he was formed in 1995 in Alberta.|I used to like Nickelback but they haven't done anything worth it in many years.|Well, I can tell you that they're Canadian and they formed in 1995.
Along with this, Nickelback also published two other albums which were a collection of their most well-known songs so far: ''Three-Sided Coin'' (2002) and ''The Best of Nickelback Volume 1'' (2013).|That's good to know, but what have they released?|They also released three albums, "Three-Sided Coin" and "The Best of Nickelback Volume 1".|They released The best of Nickelback and then vanished.|They released two greatest-hits type albums, Three-Sided Coin in 2002 and in 2013 Volume 1 of The Best of Nickelback.
Nickelback is a Canadian rock band formed in 1995 in Hanna, Alberta, Canada.|You said their Canadian; that's where I'm from.|Oh, that's cool. They're from Alberta, Canada.||They are from Alberta in Canada all right.
The band is composed of guitarist and lead vocalist Chad Kroeger, guitarist, keyboardist and backing vocalist Ryan Peake, bassist Mike Kroeger, and drummer Daniel Adair.|Yes, what more can you tell me about Nickelback?|Nickelback is composed of guitarist Chad Kroeger, guitarist, keyboardist Ryan Peake, bassist Mike Kroeger, and drummer Daniel Adair.||Chad Kroeger is the leading vocalist of the group.
The band is composed of guitarist and lead vocalist Chad Kroeger, guitarist, keyboardist and backing vocalist Ryan Peake, bassist Mike Kroeger, and drummer Daniel Adair.|Amazing. What about the other group members|I'm not sure, but Chad Kroeger is the lead vocalist and guitarist.||Ryan Peake is the keyboardist an Mike Kroeger is the bassist.
Historically, archery has been used for hunting and combat.|Archery as in Robin Hood shooting the apple off somebody's head!  So exciting.|I see, did you know that archery has been used for combat and hunting?|Yes, it was used historically for combat and hunting.|Speaking of Archery, it was used historically for combat and hunting.
A composite bow is a traditional bow made from horn, wood, and sinew laminated together, cf., laminated bow.|Are there different kinds of bows?|I'm not sure, but they are made from horn, wood, and sinew.||There is the composite bow, a traditional bow of horn, wood and sinew.
In modern times, it is mainly a competitive sport and recreational activity.|I have heard it takes a lot of strength to draw a bow.|I see, well in modern times it is a sport and a recreational activity.|It does. Nowadays archery os mostly a competative sport/recreational activity|I can't confirm if what you heard is correct, what I know is that archery is mainly a recreational activity and competitive sport nowadays
In modern times, it is mainly a competitive sport and recreational activity.|Do people shoot arrows with points, like dangerous points, recreationally?|I'm not sure, but in modern times it's a sport that is competitive and a recreational activity.|It is mainly a recreational acticity|I don't have the answer to that, I know that archery is mainly a recreational activity nowadays, but I know nothing about dangerous points.
A person who participates in archery is typically called an archer or a ''bowman'', and a person who is fond of or an expert at archery is sometimes called a toxophilite.|Can kids do archery?|I'm not sure, but a person who participates in archery is called an archer.||Not sure but the person who participates is known as a bowman.
Elvis Aaron Presley (January 8, 1935 – August 16, 1977) was an American singer, musician, and actor.|Hi, do you know about Elvis Presley|Yes, he was an American singer, actor and musician.|Hi there! Let's talk about the popular musician Elvis Presley? .|Hi, there! I know that Elvis Presley was a musician and an actor.
Regarded as one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century, he is often referred to as the ''King of Rock and Roll'' or simply ''the King''.|He seemed to be very popular.|He's considered one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century.|Yeah ..He's referred to as the king of rock 'n' roll in the 80's|He's considered one of the 20th century's most important cultural figures.
Presley was born in Tupelo, Mississippi, and relocated to Memphis, Tennessee, with his family when he was 13 years old.|okey ok..i dont know more about him...but heard his name.. will you help me with some more details on him|He was born in Tupelo, Mississippi.|Presley was born in Tupelo, Mississippi,|Presley was born in Tupelo, Mississippi.
His music career began there in 1954, recording at Sun Records with producer Sam Phillips, who wanted to bring the sound of African American music to a wider audience.|ok..i heard he is actor too...|Yeah, he started his career there in 1954.|Yes, he's versatile. He began his music career in 1954. with the sun records|I don't know about that, but he began his musical career at Sun Records in 1954.
Elvis Presley recorded at least 24 songs at Sun Studio in Memphis, Tennessee, between 1953 and 1955.|OK, what songs did he record there?|He recorded at least 24 songs between 1953 and 1955 at Sun Studio.|He recorded at least 24 songs at Sun Studio in Memphis.A blend of rhythm and jazz|I don't know the names, but he recorded 24 songs, at least, at Sun.
National Parks of Canada are protected natural spaces throughout the country that represent distinct geographical regions of the nation.|Hello! I love visiting national parks. You?|I'm a bot, so I can't visit national parks. I know that they're protected natural spaces throughout the country.|Yes, me too! I also love Canadian National Parks, which are protected|I am a bot so visiting such places is not possible to me. Are you from Canada ? There National Parks are protected natural spaces.
Canada’s first national park, located in Banff, was established in 1885.|Canada is fantastic! I wish I lived there instead of the U.S.. I wish we did a better job of protecting our parks.|That's nice. Did you know that Canada's first national park was established in 1885?|Have you ever visited a National Park? I have visited Banff in Canada, the first National Park|You live in the US but have you ever visited Canada? Their first national park was established in 1885
Yellowstone National Park is a national park located in the U.S. states of Wyoming, Montana, and Idaho.|That sounds beautiful! I have been to The Grand Canyon and Yellowstone, but never went to Canada|Oh, that's nice. Yellowstone National Park is located in Wyoming, Idaho, and Montana.|What area did you visit?I have been Yellowstone a few times, it is actually in three states, Wyoming,Idaho, and Montana|Speaking of Yellowstone National Park, did you know that it is located in Montana, Wyoming and also Idaho ?
Located in the Rocky Mountains, west of Calgary in the province of Alberta, Banff encompasses of mountainous terrain, with numerous glaciers and ice fields, dense coniferous forest, and alpine landscapes.|Yeah, that's really cool about Yellowstone! I bet in Banff you get a great view of the mountains.|Yes, it's located west of Calgary, in Alberta.|Yes, Bnaff National Park is in the Rocky Mountains, there is also glaciers at times, I never saw a polar bear though,ha!|I am not sure about the view, although I know that Banff encompasses of mountainous terrain
The polar bear (''Ursus maritimus'') is a carnivorous bear whose native range lies largely within the Arctic Circle, encompassing the Arctic Ocean, its surrounding seas and surrounding land masses.|Is there a lot of polar bears in the area?|I'm not sure, but they are carnivorous.|They sure would! Most are in the Artic Circle and other nearby land masses|I am actually now sure, what I can tell you about polar bears is that this carnivorous bear is native to the arctic circle
Broken heart (also known as a heartbreak or heartache) is a term metaphor for the intense emotional—and sometimes physical—stress or pain one feels at experiencing great longing.|Hey. My heart hurts from a broken relationship...|Oh, that's nice. Broken heart is a metaphor for the pain or stress one feels at longing.|Yes I to have suffered from a broken heart. It is painful.|That's too bad. A broken heart is a metaphor, but it can refer to physical pain or stress.
The concept is believed to be universal, with many cultures using the same words to describe both physical pain and the feelings associated with relationship loss.|That's interesting. What else do you know about broken hearts?|Well, I also know that the concept of broken hearts is believed to be universal.|I have found that all humans go through this as it is common in many relationships and cultures. I try not to focus on mine and think of things that make me happy.|It's a concept that's thought to be universal. Many cultures use the same words to describe it.
The neurological process involved in the perception of heartache is not known, but is thought to involve the anterior cingulate cortex of the brain, which during stress may overstimulate the vagus nerve causing pain, nausea or muscle tightness in the chest.|Ah, OK. Is there anything physically happening when we feel a broken heart?|I'm not sure, but the neurological process involved in heartache is not known.|It is often said that the affects of heartache produces stress and other emotions.|Yes, there's a neurological process that may overstimulate the vagus nerve, which causes pain, nausea, or chest tightness.
The neurological process involved in the perception of heartache is not known, but is thought to involve the anterior cingulate cortex of the brain, which during stress may overstimulate the vagus nerve causing pain, nausea or muscle tightness in the chest.|Yeah, that sounds like a broken heart.|I see. Well, the brain's anterior cingulate cortex is thought to be involved in the perception of heartache.|I have experienced the pain from a broken heart and with mine came the tightness in the chest, stomach, you name it.|To go into more detail, the neurological process is believed to include anterior cingulate cortex, which is in the brain.
The concept is believed to be universal, with many cultures using the same words to describe both physical pain and the feelings associated with relationship loss.|Oh, that's complicated. I just know it hurts.|It's believed to be universal, and many cultures use the same words to describe physical pain as well as feelings associated with relationship loss.|Yes it feels almost hard to breathe. It is physical pain.|I see. Many cultures use the same words to describe the pain and the feelings that go with losing a relationship.
The Walking Dead is an American post-apocalyptic horror television series developed by Frank Darabont for AMC that is based on the comic book series of the same name by Robert Kirkman, Tony Moore, and Charlie Adlard.|I love the walking dead!|Oh, that's nice. Did you know it's based on the comic book series?|who doesn't? lol it's the best post-apocalyptic horror tv series!|Cool, do you like other series of the same genre as The Walking Dead (post-apocalyptic horror)?
The Walking Dead is an American post-apocalyptic horror television series developed by Frank Darabont for AMC that is based on the comic book series of the same name by Robert Kirkman, Tony Moore, and Charlie Adlard.|Yes, but The Walking Dead is my favorite, do you know who developed it?|Frank Darabont developed it for AMC.|it's cool that it was based on the comic book series|Of course I do, the television series The Walking Dead was developed by Frank Darabont
Much of the series takes place in and around Atlanta, Georgia, and later Alexandria, Virginia.|I never knew that!|Yeah, and a lot of the series takes place around Atlanta, Georgia.|and most of the series take place in Atlanta, Georgia|And a lot of the series take place in Atlanta, Georgia, have you ever been there?
''The Walking Dead'' premiered in the United States on October 31, 2010, exclusively shown on cable television channel AMC and internationally on Fox International Channels.|I have not and I would have never guessed|It premiered in the US on October 31, 2010, on cable TV.|I can't believe it premiered 8 years ago on october 31|Now you know that, do you watch the walking dead since it premiered on October 31, 2010?
Beginning with its third season, ''The Walking Dead'' has attracted the most 18- to 49-year-old viewers of any cable or broadcast television series.|Yes, I do and it doesn't seem that long ago|It has attracted the most 18 to 49-year-old viewers of any cable or broadcast television series.|yup, and walking dead attracted the most 18 to 45 year old viewers of any cable tv series|Well, how old are you? The Walking dead was the television series that attracted the most 18 to 49 year old viewers
Green is the color between blue and yellow on the visible spectrum.|Green was my favorite color as a kid, very common throughout the world|That's nice. Green is between yellow and blue on the visible spectrum.|Indeed. It is the color between blue and yellow, happens to be my current favorite color, and my eye color|OK, cool. That's the color between yellow and blue on the visible light spectrum.
In subtractive color systems, used in painting and color printing, it is created by a combination of yellow and blue, or yellow and cyan; in the RGB color model, used on television and computer screens, it is one of the additive primary colors, along with red and blue, which are mixed in different combinations to create all other colors.|Its very vibrant and has many different shades|In subtractive color systems, it is created by a combination of yellow and blue, or yellow and cyan,|It's used a lot in paintings and is one of the additive primary colors|In subtractive color systems, like painting, it's a combination of blue and yellow, but in the RGB model used for TVs, it's a primary color. Did you know that?
By far the largest contributor to green in nature is chlorophyll, the chemical by which plants photosynthesize and convert sunlight into chemical energy.|Yep, it is very common in nature too|That's interesting. The chemical by which plants photosynthesize and convert sunlight into chemical energy.||Chlorophyll is actually the largest 'green' contributer in nature!
Many creatures have adapted to their green environments by taking on a green hue themselves as camouflage.|Yea so nearly every plant has it which makes it so common|I see, did you know that many creatures have adapted to their green environments?|Yup, and some creatures even use it as camouflage due to how common it is. That's pretty cool. I wish I could do that|Interesting, also a lot of creatures are green to make them less visible in their environment.
Several minerals have a green color, including the emerald, which is colored green by its chromium content.|Yea things like chameleons can adapt with it easily|I see, did you know that the emerald is green by its chromium content?|Not only that, but there are a lot of green-colored minerals too. You don't think about it as much, but they are there|Cool! Several minerals are green, like the emerald. It's due to the chromium content.
Nickelback is a Canadian rock band formed in 1995 in Hanna, Alberta, Canada.|Nickelback is the best band that has ever existed on this earth.|I see, did you know they formed in 1995?|I like them too. They're Canadian and started in 1995. Until recently I didn't know they were formed that long ago|Oh, that's cool. I know they're a Canadian rock band and that they formed in 1995.
The band went through a few drummer changes between 1995 and 2005, achieving its current lineup when Adair replaced drummer Ryan Vikedal.|Yes, they are better then The Beatles. Rock Gods, Chad the lead singer is my Jesus.|Cool, did you know they had a few drummer changes between 1995 and 2005?|They went through a few drummers from 1995 to 2005. I like who they have now|That's great! They've had a few drummers over the years. Currently it's Adair.
Nickelback is one of the most commercially successful Canadian groups, having sold more than 50 million albums worldwide and ranking as the eleventh best-selling music act, and the second best-selling foreign act in the U.S. of the 2000s, behind The Beatles.|They're also very successful, aren't they?|I'm not sure, but they have sold over 50 million albums worldwide.|Haha I didn't name my kids after them. Speaking of The Beatles they are the second best-selling foreign act in the U.S. of the 200s behind The Beatles|Yes, they're one of the most successful Canadian bands. They're actually second only to The Beatles in selling records in the US in the 2000s for a foreign band.
''Billboard'' ranks them the most successful rock group of the decade; their song ''How You Remind Me'' was listed as the best-selling rock song of the decade and the fourth best-selling of the decade.|Just wait they will pass them soon. These Rock Gods are only what The Beatles wish they were|They were the most successful rock group of the decade.|You're probably going to be proven right. Billboard ranks them the most successful rock group of the decade|Well, Billboard has them as the decade's most successful rock group.
Green is the color between blue and yellow on the visible spectrum.|Green is my favorite color. Do you like green?|I'm a bot, so I can't see colors. I know that green is between yellow and blue on the visible spectrum.|I love green,  Green is the color between blue and yellow|I don't really have preferences over color, I am a bot, so I can give you information about green. Let me begin by telling you that the color green is between yellow and blue on the visible spectrum.
It is evoked by light which has a dominant wavelength of roughly 495570 nm.|Yes! Green is also one of the main colors in the RGB color model I believe. It is also a great shirt color.|Cool, did you know that it has a dominant wavelength of 495570 nm?||I have heard Green has a dominant wavelength of roughly 495570 nm
In subtractive color systems, used in painting and color printing, it is created by a combination of yellow and blue, or yellow and cyan; in the RGB color model, used on television and computer screens, it is one of the additive primary colors, along with red and blue, which are mixed in different combinations to create all other colors.|Interesting! Has green always been common throughout history? I wonder if it was on cave paintings.|I'm not sure, but in the RGB color model, it's one of the additive primary colors, along with red and blue.|it was! and it is created by a combination of yellow and blue, or yellow and cyan|That is something I also don't know about, I know that the color green is an additive primary color and can be made using yellow and blue
Many creatures have adapted to their green environments by taking on a green hue themselves as camouflage.|Neat! Yes it is fun to paint with yellow and blue to create green.|I see, did you know that many creatures have adapted to their green environments?|In fact Many creatures have adapted to their green environments by taking on a green hue!|In fact, many creatures have adapted to their green environments by taking on a green hue!
Genghis Khan or Chinggis Khaan (born Temüjin, c. 1162 August 18, 1227), was the Great Khan and founder of the Mongol Empire, which became the largest contiguous empire in history after his death.|Genghis Khan was on of the greatest leaders of all time.|He was the Great Khan and founder of the Mongol Empire.||He was the Great Khan and the founder of the Mongol Empire, the largest empire in history.
He came to power by uniting many of the nomadic tribes of Northeast Asia.|I actually know a lot about him. I have a masters in History. Did you know he was born in Delüün Boldog in 1162|I'm not sure, but he was born in 1162 and joined many of the Northeast Asia nomad tribes.|Yes I did know that and he came to power by uniting the nomadic tribes of Northeast Asia.|I didn't know about this information, what I know about him is the fact that he united many nomadic tribes of Northeast Asia.
Genghis Khan died in 1227 after defeating the Western Xia.|He would have never been able to take over the world. The celts in Scotland at the time would have smashed him. Interesting fact he had 13 kids.|He died in 1227 after defeating the Western Xia.||In 1227, he died after defeating the Western Xia.
Later his grandsons split his empire into khanates.|Which of his kids do you think could have took his spot and kept taking over the world going?|I'm not sure, but his grandsons split his empire into khanates.||His grandsons are the ones that later split his empire into khanates.
A honey bee (or honeybee) is any member of the genus Apis, primarily distinguished by the production and storage of honey and the construction of perennial, colonial nests from wax.|I love bees but I am allergic to them.|Oh, I see. They are part of the Apis genus.|I love bees too, very crucial little beings. Without their production and storage of honey, we wouldn't have breathable oxygen for everyone.|Oh, how interesting. Did you know that honeybees belong to the genus Apis?
Beekeeping (or apiculture) is the maintenance of honey bee colonies, commonly in man-made hives, by humans.|Yes I know they play a very important role in our ecosystem.|I see, well, beekeeping is the maintenance of honey bee colonies by humans.|I actually have a grandfather who practices Beekeeping, he sells the honey from his colonies at the local fresh market!|Some people keep bees in man-made hives. It's called apiculture, or beekeeping.
A beehive is an enclosed structure in which some honey bee species of the subgenus ''Apis'' live and raise their young.|Wow that seems like an interesting job! It also sounds kind of dangerous.|I see, well some bee species of the subgenus "Apis" live and raise their young.|It's actually very safe, his beehives are all enclosed and actually bees are very smart, they would never sting their ''keeper'' because they know he's beneficial to them.|I wouldn't know. I know they live in beehives, which is also where the young are raised.
A honey bee (or honeybee) is any member of the genus Apis, primarily distinguished by the production and storage of honey and the construction of perennial, colonial nests from wax.|Do beekeepers still use smoke to sedate the bees?|I'm not sure, but honey bees are part of the Apis genus.|My granfather finds that sage helps them to remain calm. As long as no new bees are introduced, a honey bee colony is usually incredibly peaceful.|I don't actually know. What I do know is that the honeybee nests are made from wax.
Cheerleading is an activity wherein the participants (referred to as ''cheerleaders'') cheer for their team as a form of encouragement.|i love cheerleading!|Cool! Cheerleading is an activity where the participants cheer for their team as a form of encouragement.|it is fun Cheerleading is an activity wherein the participants (referred to as ''cheerleaders'') cheer|Tell me why you love the activity where you cheer for a team as a encouragement form ?
It can range from chanting slogans to intense physical activity.|Because if is so much fun, chanting slogans is awesome|Yeah, it can range from chanting slogans to intense physical activity.|Im not sure, from chanting slogans to intense physical activity it is fun!|Nice, but cheerleading can be all about chanting slogans but can be an intense physical activity as well
It can be performed to motivate sports teams, entertain the audience, or for competition.|That is true, I love to cheer for sports teams|Oh, cool! Do you cheer for them? They can be performed to motivate them, entertain the audience, or for competition.|I like that  It can be performed to motivate sports teams|Cheerleading can indeed be performed to motivate teams, but can be done for competition as well
Competitive routines typically range anywhere from one to three minutes, and contain components of tumbling, dance, jumps, cheers, and stunting.|that sounds interesting|I see, do you also like to perform a competitive routine? It can range from one to three minutes.|it really is, Competitive routines typically range anywhere from one to three minutes|Speaking of competitive routines, those can range from one to three minutes, have you ever watched any ?
The global presentation of cheerleading was led by the 1997 broadcast of ESPN's International cheerleading competition, and the worldwide release of the 2000 film ''Bring It On''.|I have not, I have only seen a film about it|Oh, that's interesting. Did you know that the global presentation of cheerleading was led by the International cheerleading competition in 1997?|Lots do The global presentation of cheerleading was led by the 1997 broadcast of ESPN's International cheerleading competition|Was this film the 2000 film called "Bring it on"?
Kurt Donald Cobain (February 20, 1967 – April 5, 1994) was an American singer, songwriter, and musician.|Who even is Kurt Cobain?|He was an American singer, musician and songwriter.|Kurt Cobain was an american singer, and musician lead singer of the band nirvana and quite a story|Kurt Cobain, or Kurt Donald Cobain, was an American singer, a musician and a songwriter.
Nirvana was an American rock band formed by singer and guitarist Kurt Cobain and bassist Krist Novoselic in Aberdeen, Washington, in 1987.|Was he also part of a famous band?|I'm not sure, but he was formed in 1987 by Kurt Cobain and Krist Novoselic.|Yes, Cobain was the lead singer and guitarist and the founding member of Nirvana|Yes, he was the singer and guitarist of Nirvana, he also formed the rock band.
The Seattle Police Department incident report states: ''Kurt Cobain was found with a shotgun across his body, had a visible head wound and there was a suicide note discovered nearby.''|Must be why he was so well known. Didn't he kill himself?|I'm not sure, but he was found with a shotgun across his body, with a visible head wound, and a suicide note was found nearby.|On April 8th he took his life, at his home  in 1994. Very gruesome death, he was found with a shotgun across his body.|I can't say definitively but the Seattle Police report said he had a shotgun across his body and a suicide note nearby.
Prior to his death, Cobain had checked out of a drug rehabilitation facility and had been reported as suicidal by his wife Courtney Love.|Oh damn, that must've been horrifying to stumble upon.|He had been reported to have been suicidal by his wife Courtney Love.|I am sure he had just checked out of rehab and was reported as suicidal by his wife Courtney Love.|Yeah, well the thing is that he checked out of drug rehab earlier and his wife, Courtney Love, said he was suicidal.
Green is the color between blue and yellow on the visible spectrum.|my favorite color is green|Oh, green? I know that it's between yellow and blue on the visible spectrum.|I like green too, it's between blue and yellow on the visible spectrum.|Oh, cool! It's between yellow and blue on the visible light spectrum, did you know that?
Several minerals have a green color, including the emerald, which is colored green by its chromium content.|Oh yes, I love it because it's the color of nature.|Oh, that's nice. There are minerals that have a green color, like the emerald.|I like it because it reminds me of the emerald and other minerals that are of green color. The green in them is because they have chromium.|Speaking of nature, some minerals, like emeralds, are green. For emeralds it's due to the chromium content.
Chromium is a chemical element with symbol Cr and atomic number 24.|Oh i see. Does that mean chromium is green?|I'm not sure, but it's a chemical element with symbol Cr and atomic number 24.|Yes exactly, Chromium is a chemical element, it's symbol is Cr, it's atomic number is 24.|I couldn't say, though I know it's a chemical element with atomic number 24.
It is a steely-grey, lustrous, hard and brittle metal which takes a high polish, resists tarnishing, and has a high melting point.|What are the characteristics of the element|I'm not sure, but it has a high melting point.|It's a metal that's steely-grey, lustrous, ,hard and brittle. It makes a great polish!|It's steely-gray in color, hard and brittle. It can be polished to a high degree.
Winter is the coldest season of the year in polar and temperate zones (winter does not occur in the tropical zone).|Do you like winter? It is my favorite season|I'm a bot, so I can't watch movies. I know that it's the coldest season in temperate and polar zones.|I love winter because I live in south Florida! It is definitely our coldest season of the year!|I don't have any favorite seasons, but can you believe that winter doesn't even happen in the tropical zones?
Winter is the coldest season of the year in polar and temperate zones (winter does not occur in the tropical zone).|That is interesitng, how cold does it end up getting there?|I'm not sure, but it's the coldest season in temperate and polar zones.|If we get a cold front, we might see temperatures in the 40s, but usually it's in the 60s. Winter doesn't occur in the tropical zones of the Earth, and we are very close to that zone.|I don't really know how cold it would get there, but for polar and temperate zones, winter is the coldest season.
In many regions, winter is associated with snow and freezing temperatures.|Do you know anything else about winter? Like its features?|I know that in many regions, winter is associated with freezing temperatures and snow.|I grew up in Pittsburgh, so I know below freezing temperatures well!! We used to get so much snow in the winter that we couldn't leave the house. Snow is pretty, but I don't miss it!|For a lot of places, winter is connected with things like freezing temps and snow!
It occurs after autumn and before spring in each year.|Ah so it is pretty common across the world. Does it occur the same time every year?|It happens after autumn and before spring in each year.|Yes, a white Christmas is really a treasure! Do you find yourself wishing it was winter in the autumn, and then in the middle of winter you're wishing for spring? I remember often feeling like that!|I'm not sure about the exact dates but it happens post autumn and pre spring every year.
When it is winter in the Northern Hemisphere, it is summer in the Southern Hemisphere, and vice versa.|I always cherish winter the most, i never yearn for another season when it is winter. summer, i hate though, i lived in florida and hated the humidity|Oh, cool! Did you know that when it is winter in the Northern Hemisphere, it is summer in the Southern Hemisphere?|The humidity definitely takes getting used to! If you love winter, you can always experience it year round! You can go to the Southern Hemisphere when it's summer where you live, it will be winter there!|I see, well if you didn't know, when it's winter in the South Hemisphere it is summer for the North and vice versa.
Cycling, also called bicycling or biking, is the use of bicycles for transport, recreation, exercise or sport.|Man, I just got back from a bike ride earlier today. Has to be one of my favorite ways to supersize|Oh, cool! Do you use bicycles for recreation, sport, or for transport?|Supersize, you getting yor swell on? I live in manattan and use by bike for transport. Do you road or mountain bike?|Well, that's good. So, do you bike mostly for exercise, or also for recreation or sport?
Bicycles were introduced in the 19th century and now number approximately one billion worldwide.|It's for exercise, but mostly for recreation. I predominately road bike on prairie paths.|That's nice. Bicycles were introduced in the 19th century.|Your not alone I think something like one billion people current bike.|Did you know there are around 1 billion bicycles worldwide?
They are the principal means of transportation in many parts of the world.|That's a lot of bicycles! I wonder how many of those people are biking as their primary modes of transportation.|I'm not sure, but they are the main transportation means in many parts of the world.|I'd imagine the vast majority. They are the principal means of transportation in much of Asia.|I don't know, exactly, but they're the primary form of transportation in some parts of the world.
Bicycles provide numerous benefits in comparison with motor vehicles, including the sustained physical exercise involved in cycling, easier parking, increased maneuverability, and access to roads, bike paths and rural trails.|I'd be curious to know how many people die in bike accidents in Southeast Asia. So many people on the road followed up by people driving has to lead to accidents|I'm not sure, but bike accidents can have many benefits, like easier parking, and more.|Bicycles provide numerous benefits in comparison with motor vehicles in Asia but I'm thinking people get ran over all day by buses and such. I think I'd walk or get on the bus instead.|I wouldn't know, but bicycling does provide benefits in the form of exercise and easier parking, among other things.
The concept is cross-cultural, often cited with reference to a desired or lost lover, and dates back at least 3,000 years.|I had a broken heart from my previous relationship|That's nice. The concept of a lover is cross-cultural, often cited with reference to a desired lover.|I've never really had the cross cultural concept of lost love. I've never had a girlfriend lol./|That's too bad. The idea of a broken heart actually spans multiple cultures. It's been around at least 3,000 years.
Emotional pain that is severe can cause 'broken heart syndrome', including physical damage to the heart.|Yeah, the feelings can be very intense.|Yeah, and emotional pain can cause heart syndrome.|I don't know I'm a really weird guy to be honest. I feel emotional pain and can understand a broken heart can be severe.|In fact, the emotional pain can be so severe that it actually damages the heart.
The concept is believed to be universal, with many cultures using the same words to describe both physical pain and the feelings associated with relationship loss.|Wow, that's kind of scary. I guess that's why it's called a broken heart.|It's believed to be universal, and many cultures use the same words to describe physical pain as well as feelings associated with relationship loss.|Yeah it's crazy how it's universal and so many cultures experience a relationship loss.|That's an interesting thought. The broken heart concept is actually thought to be universal because so many cultures use the same words when they describe the feelings associated with the loss of a relationship.
The emotional ''pain'' of a broken heart is believed to be part of the survival instinct.|Yes that is true. We are all humans and if someone you hold dearly suddenly leaves it's like the person died|I see, well the emotional pain of a broken heart is believed to be part of the survival instinct.|Yeah i hear the emotional pain is a survival instinct.|Apparently the emotional pain associated with a broken heart is a survival instinct.
It is available for Android, iOS, Kindle Fire HDX, Microsoft Windows, Mac OS X, PlayStation 3, PlayStation Vita, Xbox 360, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.|I was surprised to find I loved The Walking Dead. Not my style, usually. Do you watch?|I'm a bot, so I can't watch movies. I know it's available for Android, iOS, Kindle Fire HDX, Mac OS X, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and Xbox One.|I tried a few times but found it wasn't for me.  I like zombie games though . How about you?  I play on the PS4.|No I don't actually but did you know its available on stuff like the Xbox One, PlayStation 4 and Kindle Fire?
The game involves homeowners who use a variety of different plants to prevent an army of zombies from entering their houses and ''eating their brains''.|No but I think we're talking about two different things. Anyway, I've been thinking about playing Plants vs. Zombies, have you any info about it?|Yes, it involves homeowners who use a variety of plants to prevent zombies from entering their houses.|I enjoy strategy games the most.  One of my favorites is Plants Vs. Zombies.  Have you played that one?  It's about homeowners that use plants to try and stop zombies from invading.|Yes, it's about a homeowner using various plants to stop a zombie army from entering their home.
A version for iOS was released in February 2010, and an HD version for the iPad.|Cool, is the game available on mobile, specifically the iOS system?|I'm not sure, but I know that the iOS version was released in 2010 and the iPad was also released.|That's true.  It has been around for a while.  It's made it through iOS, PS3, PS4, etc.  Lots of places to play that game.  I think that you can even play it on the IPad!|Yes, there's an version for that in 2010 and a iPad HD version as well.
PlayStation 4 (PS4) is a line of eighth-generation home video game consoles developed by Sony Interactive Entertainment.|Okay, I'll definitely download it when I get back. You know, I've also been thinking of getting a PS4 for the Walking Dead game, can you give me some info on the PS4?|Sure, the PS4 is a line of 8-generation home video game consoles.|Playstation 4 is my favorite place to play games.  It's the 8th generation of consoles.  I can't wait until the 9th generation!  Do you have any consoles?|It's the 8th generation of Sony's video game console.
A sweater (North American English) is a garment intended to cover the torso and arms.|I love cardigans and all types of sweaters. But right now it's summer and I can't layer that much.|Oh, cool! Have you ever tried a sweater? It's a garment that covers the torso and arms.|Yeah I love sweater too .Esp .during cold season.winter.|I see, so you like garments that covers your arms and torso?
By contrast, a pullover does not open in front but must be ''pulled over'' the head to be worn.|Yeah, I also like how a lot of sweaters these days have zippers so it's easy to take them off. You know of those old ones you got to throw over your head right?|I don't know about that, but I know that a pullover is not open in front but it must be ''pulled over'' to be worn.|I meanly wear pull over ,you know the one without buttons that one can pull over the head. Hence the name pull over|Ah, you're talking about pullovers, they don't have an open in the front.
The cardigan was named after James Brudenell, 7th Earl of Cardigan, a British Army Major General who led the Charge of the Light Brigade at the Battle of Balaclava during the Crimean War.|Yeah yeah, sort of like jumpers, nice to wear for some occasions but not as flexible as a sweater or cardigan. Do you know anything about cardigans by the way?|Yes, they were named after James Brudenell, 7th Earl of Cardigan.|Do you know cardigan wascardigan was named after James Brudenel?A British army general!|Well, did you know that the cardigan got its name after James Brudenell? He was a British Army general and Earl of Cardigan.
It is modelled after the knitted wool waistcoat that British officers supposedly wore during the war.|Wow, I didn't know that. How interesting. I wonder what other types of clothing are named after people.|I'm not sure, but it is modelled after the knitted wool waistcoat that British officers supposedly wore during the war.|Cardigan is modelled after British waist coat worn by British army during the world war.|Not sure but the cardigan is based on a knitted wool waistcoat British officers wore.
A mobile phone, known as a cell phone in North America, is a portable telephone that can make and receive calls over a radio frequency link while the user is moving within a telephone service area.|Oh world war 1? They had a lot less technology back then. A cellular phone is a recent invention.|I'm not sure, but they are called cell phones in North America.|Yeah mobile phone dated back to the world war period too.It was for radio transmission|I see, mobile phones also deal with calls through radio frequencies, did you know that?
Kurt Donald Cobain (February 20, 1967 – April 5, 1994) was an American singer, songwriter, and musician.|Did the death of Kurt Cobain have an impact on your life?|I'm a bot, so I can't live. I know that Kurt Cobain was an American singer, musician and songwriter.|Kurt Cobain was a singer and songwriter|Not really, but did the singer, musician, and songwriter's death affect you?
Born in Aberdeen, Washington, Cobain formed the band Nirvana with Krist Novoselic and Aaron Burckhard in 1987 and established it as part of the Seattle music scene which later became known as grunge.|Not really either but his music was wonderful and his loss was one of many musician tragedies. Do you know anything else about him?|I know that he was born in Aberdeen, Washington.|Cobain was born in Aberdeen, Washington|Yeah, he was born in Aberdeen, Washington and formed Nirvana in 1987.
Nirvana's debut album ''Bleach'' was released on the independent record label Sub Pop in 1989.|Oh I didn't know that!  His struggle with his heroin addiction was sad to watch. Do you like any of his music?|I'm a bot, so I can't listen to music. I know his debut album was called "Bleach" and was released in 1989.|Nirvana's first album, ''Bleach'', was released on Sub Pop.|I haven't listened to them but did you know their first album was released with record label Sub Pop?
Frances Bean Cobain (born August 18, 1992) is an American visual artist and model, and the only child of Nirvana frontman Kurt Cobain and Hole frontwoman Courtney Love.|Yeah I did! Kurt Cobain later had a daughter who is now an American visual artist. Are you familiar with her work?|Yes, she was born in 1992.|Frances Bean Cobain is a visual artist and model.|No I am not, but I can tell you she is an artist and model and her mom was Courtney Love.
Cobain, however, was uncomfortable with the label, believing his message and artistic vision had been misinterpreted by the public, with his personal problems often subject to media attention.|Yes, she is!  Talented genetics.  Kurt Cobain was also inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2014, 20 years after his death!|He was uncomfortable with the label, believing his artistic vision and message had been misinterpreted by the public.|Cobain was uncomfortable with the label and felt misrepresented.|I see, did you also know Cobain felt uncomfortable and that the public had misinterpreted his artistic vision and message?
Varieties of the color green may differ in hue, chroma (also called saturation or intensity) or lightness (or value, tone, or brightness), or in two or three of these qualities.|I just finished painting my room, gren is the color! i just love it, do you like the color green?|I'm a bot, so I can't really see colors. I know that colors can vary in color, intensity, or lightness.|I like some shades of light green.|As a bot, I have no opinion, but there are several different variations on green. Do you have a particular favorite?
The history of painting reaches back in time to artifacts from pre-historic humans, and spans all cultures.|Not really. In psychology, green symbolizes renewal and growth, so it's a deep color!|That's nice. Painting goes back to pre-historic humans.|Painting goes back to pre-historic people. They used to paint cave walls.|Oh, that's good to know. What do you think about painting? It goes back to pre-historic times and all cultures have it.
Pink is a pale red color that is named after a flower of the same name.|How awesome is that! So I was performing an historic activity and I didn't know. Anyway, I also like pink.|Oh, pink? It's a pale red color that's named after a flower.|Pink or pale red|Ah, that's a pale red color. Did you know it's named after a flower?
According to surveys in Europe and the United States, pink is the color most often associated with charm, politeness, sensitivity, tenderness, sweetness, childhood, femininity and the romantic.|Oh, I didn't! Do you know what pink is associated with?|I'm not sure, but it's associated with charm, politeness, and tenderness.|Pink reminds me of Europe and Charm|In the US and Europe, pink tends to be associated with charm, politeness, tenderness, femininity, and a few other subjects.
Charles André Joseph Marie de Gaulle (; 22 November 1890 – 9 November 1970) was a French general and statesman.|Speaking of green, Champs Elysees are filled with green, as is the Palace of Versailles!|Nice! Did you know Charles André Joseph Marie de Gaulle was a French general and statesman?|Yes, I go twice a year. I'm a history buff currently possessed with Charles André Joseph Marie de Gaulle|That's really neat! Have you ever heard of Charles de Gaulle? He was a French general and a statesman.
Cheerleading originated in the United States, and remains predominantly in America, with an estimated 1.5 million participants in all-star cheerleading.|Cheerleading seems to still be popular among kids?|Cheerleading originated in the US, and remains predominantly in America.|I am not sure. It seems so in the movies. As it was originated in America it seems that it still predominantly there. Still involves around 1.5 million participants.|I am not sure but its predominately in the U.S. and has around 1.5 million participants for all-star cheerleading.
It can be performed to motivate sports teams, entertain the audience, or for competition.|Thats a lot of people, I guess I would have thought more though.|It can be performed to motivate sports teams, entertain the audience, or for competition.|I think it's a fair number as they are mostly to motivate sports teams and entertain the audience. I assume there are so many teams to cheer for!|Well, cheerleading has a number of functions too, like motivating sport teams, competition or entertaining the crowd.
Varsity Spirit Corp. is an American organization that sells cheerleading and dance apparel, trains cheerleaders and dancers at educational camps and hosts cheerleading competitions.|That is true, so it appears there will always be cheerleading no matter what.|Yes, Varsity Spirit Corp. is an American organization that sells cheerleading and dance apparel.|Probably so because there are organisations to train and host cheerleader competitions. The main one is Varsity Spirit Corp.|I don't know about that but there is an organization called Varsity Spirit Corp. They sell cheerleading apparel, trains dancers and cheerleaders at camps, and host competitions.
It has origins which trace back to 1948.|So there is legit training for this now?|I'm not sure, but it has origins that date back to 1948.|Yes! The origins of Varsity Spirit date back to 1948!|I'm uncertain about that but the organization dates back to 1948.
Several minerals have a green color, including the emerald, which is colored green by its chromium content.|I love green, its my favourite colur|Oh, cool! Did you know that emerald is green by its chromium content?|It is a nice color indeed, many rock formations have green in it, the most notable being the emerald.|That's cool. Some minerals, like emerald, are green. For emeralds its due to the chromium content.
In subtractive color systems, used in painting and color printing, it is created by a combination of yellow and blue, or yellow and cyan; in the RGB color model, used on television and computer screens, it is one of the additive primary colors, along with red and blue, which are mixed in different combinations to create all other colors.|Is it a primary colour?|I'm not sure, but in subtractive color systems, it's created by a combination of yellow and blue, or yellow and cyan.|Not, in the subtractive color system. But in the RGB system used for television it is used.|Not in the subtractive color system. But in the RGB system used for television it is used.
By far the largest contributor to green in nature is chlorophyll, the chemical by which plants photosynthesize and convert sunlight into chemical energy.|IIs green the most used colour in the world?|I'm not sure, but the most used color is chlorophyll, which is the chemical by which plants photosynthesize and convert sunlight into chemical energy.|In nature yes, it is because chlorophyll is green and there is a lot of plants and vegetation on earth.|I don't know, but in nature chlorophyll in plants is the biggest contributor to green.
In the Middle Ages and Renaissance, green was the color commonly associated with merchants, bankers and the gentry, while red was reserved for the nobility.|Wow. Do you think the majority of the people in the world prefer green?|I'm not sure, but in the Middle Ages and Renaissance, green was associated with merchants, bankers, and the gentry.|It depends on fashion, in the middles ages green was associated with people working with money like merchants, bankers and the gentry in general.|I wouldn't know, but in the Middle Ages into the Renaissance, it was associated with groups like merchants, bankers, and the gentry.
For this reason, the costume of the ''Mona Lisa'' by Leonardo da Vinci and the benches in the British House of Commons are green while those in the House of Lords are red.|What else is green known for?|The "Mona Lisa" costume is green, while the benches in the House of Commons are red.|No it is not, but I like the fact the Mona Lisa is wearing green, it means that she is of a merchant or banker family.|Well, the Mona Lisa wears green, and the benches in the House of Commons in Britain are also green.
Athletes in ancient Greece were advised to consume large quantities of meat and wine.|I drink protein Powder with nothing but water|Ah, I see. Did you know ancient Greece advised people to consume large quantities of wine and meat?||I know athletes were told to consume a lot of meat and wine in ancient greece
A number of herbal concoctions and tonics have been used by strong men and athletes since ancient times across cultures to try to increase their strength and stamina.|a whey shake with water and one scoop of whey protein powder provides just 110 calories.|Oh, that's nice. A lot of men and athletes use herbal concoctions and tonics to help them increase their strength and stamina.|I know athletes use a number of concoctions and tonics to boost performance|I didn't know that, do you use herbal concoctions and tonics to try to increase strength and stamina, like strong men and athletes have done since ancient times?
A number of herbal concoctions and tonics have been used by strong men and athletes since ancient times across cultures to try to increase their strength and stamina.|I never heard of that, where did people use those things ?|I'm not sure, but I know that some herbal concoctions and tonics have been used by athletes and strong men since ancient times across cultures.|Good to know I thought athletes drank that to increase strength and stamina|I am not sure where exactly, I know that it has been used since ancient times across cultures by athletes and strong men.
The 1970s and 1980s marked a dramatic increase in the growth of the bodybuilding supplement industry, fueled by widespread use of modern marketing techniques and a marked increase in recreational bodybuilding.|Good to know that, but I think I will keep my bodybuilding supplements, like protein powders.|That's good to know. Did you know that the 1970s and 1980s saw a dramatic increase in the bodybuilding supplement industry?|Bodybuiding supplements really beccame popular in the 1970's and 1980's|Speaking of bodybuilding supplements, I know that this industry saw a dramatic increase during the 1970s and the 1980s
Auto racing (also known as car racing, motor racing, or automobile racing) is a motorsport involving the racing of automobiles for competition.|I love auto racing, do you like it?|I'm a bot, so I can't do it. I know that it involves racing automobiles for competition.|Auto racing is cool, racing auto motives and cars in Motorsports is awesome|Since I'm a bot, I can't watch auto racing, but I'm familiar with it involving the racing of automobiles as a competition.
Auto racing (also known as car racing, motor racing, or automobile racing) is a motorsport involving the racing of automobiles for competition.|What is the best kind of race car?|I'm not sure, but I know that auto racing involves racing automobiles for competition.|When it comes to auto racing and motorsports, the fastest automobiles are usually formula 1 cars|I don't know, but did you know auto racing can be called motor racing?
The regulations governing the cars are unique to the championship.|I did. What do you know of Formula 1 racing?|I know that the regulations for the cars are unique to the championship.|Not sure but formula one cars are specially modified racing cars with regulations unique to the championship|I know that the regulations that govern the cars are specific to the championship.
The FIA Formula One World Championship has been one of the premier forms of racing around the world since its inaugural season in 1950.|What is the formula 1 championship called?|I'm not sure, but I know that the FIA Formula One World Championship has been one of the premier racing forms around the world since its inaugural season in 1950.|THE FIA Formula one world championship|It's called the FIA Formula One World Championship.
The 1981 FIA Formula One World Championship was the 35th season of FIA Formula One motor racing.|Awesome, where is that held?|I'm not sure, but the 1981 FIA Formula One World Championship was the 35th season of FIA Formula One motor racing.|The FIA formula one world championship is different place every time|I don't know, but the 1981 season was its 35th.
John Ray Grisham Jr. (; born February 8, 1955) is an American bestselling writer, attorney, politician, and activist best known for his popular legal thrillers.|Tell me about John grisham|Well, he's a writer, attorney, politician, and activist who writes his popular legal thrillers.|Where do I begin. He is a bestselling writer, attorney and politician. He's best known for is great legal thrillers.|He's a best-selling author, an attorney, and a politician. He's best known for his legal thrillers.
His first novel, ''A Time to Kill,'' was published in June 1989, four years after he began writing it.|Tell me about some of his thrillers|Well, I know his first novel was called Time to Kill.||His very first  novel, ''A Time to Kill'' was published in June of 1989, 4 years after he started writing it.
He practiced criminal law for about a decade and served in the House of Representatives in Mississippi from January 1984 to September 1990.|Wow, was he educated in the Literary Arts?|I'm not sure, but he practiced criminal law for about a decade.|No, he went to law school and he practiced criminal law for about 10 years and then served in the House of Representatives in Mississippi for 6 years.|I'm not sure. He did practice criminal law for about 10 years, then became a representative from Mississippi.
Eight of his other novels have also been adapted into films: ''The Chamber'', ''The Client'', ''A Painted House'', ''The Pelican Brief'', ''The Rainmaker'', ''The Runaway Jury'', ''Skipping Christmas'', and ''A Time to Kill''.|Wow a lawyer turned Author? that's so cool|I'm not sure, but he has written eight novels.|He has nine novels that have been made into movies so if you don't want to read them all, you can buy the DVD. One I like at the holidays is ''Skipping Christmas'' Its a funny movie, not a thriller|Also, nine of his novels have been made into movies.
A stock market, equity market or share market is the aggregation of buyers and sellers (a loose network of economic transactions, not a physical facility or discrete entity) of stocks (also called shares), which represent ownership claims on businesses; these may include ''securities'' listed on a public stock exchange as well as those only traded privately.|Where can someone learn about the stock market?|I can't say but there are stock markets, which are aggregation of buyers and sellers.|the equity  market is the aggregation of buyers and sellers of stocks which represent ownership claims on businesses|I don't know where you can learn in depth, but I can tell you that the stock market is an aggregate of buyers and sellers of stocks, which are representations of ownership in businesses.
A stock market, equity market or share market is the aggregation of buyers and sellers (a loose network of economic transactions, not a physical facility or discrete entity) of stocks (also called shares), which represent ownership claims on businesses; these may include ''securities'' listed on a public stock exchange as well as those only traded privately.|Interesting. So technically, when people purchase stocks, they are purchasing a small claim or share on a business?|I'm not sure, but there are stock markets, which are aggregation of buyers and sellers of stocks.|they can also include securities listed on a public stock exchange as well as those only traded privately|Yes, stocks represent claims of ownership in businesses.
Examples of the latter include shares of private companies which are sold to investors through equity crowdfunding platforms.|Is there such a thing as a privately traded company?|I'm not sure, but shares of private companies are sold through crowdfunding platforms.|some examples include shares of private companies which are stold to investors through equity crowdfunding platforms|Yes, for example they can be sold via crowdfunding plaforms.
As of mid 2017, the size of the world stock market (total market capitalisation) was about US$76.3 trillion.|It sounds complicated. How big is the stock market?|I'm not sure, but the total market capitalization was 76.3 trillion US dollars.|yes i have a few.. as of mid 2017, the size of the world stock markey was about US$76.3 trillion!|By mid-2017, the worldwide total size of stock markets was around $76.3 trillion in US dollars.
Stock exchanges list shares of common equity as well as other security types, e.g.|That's incredibly large, wow! Any tips for a beginner wanting to invest?|I'm not sure, but stock exchanges list shares of common equity as well as other security types.|well you can probaby look online and do some research however stock exchanges list shares of common equity as well as other security types like corporate bonds and convertiable bonds|I don't have any advice, but I do know that stock exchanges don't just list shares of common equity, they also list other security types.
Instagram is a mobile, desktop, and Internet-based photo-sharing application and service that allows users to share pictures and videos either publicly, or privately to pre-approved followers.|I don't really understand the hype behind instagram. Do you use it?|I'm a bot, so I can't use Instagram. I know it's a photo sharing application that allows users to share pictures and videos publicly.|I do use it, and I love it!  It is an Internet-based photo-sharing application|I am a bot, so Instagram is not for me, what I know about this internet-based photo-sharing application is that it allows people to share pictures and videos.
A version for Android devices was released two years later, in April 2012, followed by a feature-limited website interface in November 2012, and apps for Windows 10 Mobile and Windows 10 in April 2016 and October 2016 respectively.|What kind of photos do people share?|I'm not sure, but Android's version was released in April of 2012.|All sorts of photos - of themselves, or their vacation, or their animals, and lots more!  There's even an Android version that came out in 2012|It is unknown to me the kind of photos people share on Instagram, what I know is that if they want to use this service through their android devices they can do so, since a version for Android was released in 2012
They can add hashtags to their posts, linking the photos up to other content on Instagram featuring the same subject or overall topic.|2012, seems so long ago. How else can people communicate in the app?|I'm not sure, but they can add hashtags to their posts, linking them up to other Instagram content with the same subject or overall topic.|When they post a photo they can add a message, including hashtags|Well, I know that adding hashtags to your posts is possible, and that will link photos with other Instagram content featuring the same topic
A hashtag is a type of metadata tag used on social networks such as Twitter and other microblogging services, allowing users to apply dynamic, user-generated tagging that makes it possible for others to easily find messages with a specific theme or content; it allows easy, informal markup of folk taxonomy without need of any formal taxonomy or markup language.|What do the hashtags do?|I'm not sure, but they allow for easy informal markup of folk taxonomy.|Hashtags help people find messages with a specific theme - they just click on a hashtag, and the system brings up all the messages that were posted using that tag!|Let me tell you what I know about hashtags, they are a kind of metadata tag that makes finding messages with a specific theme easier
Dog training is the application of behavior analysis which uses the environmental events of antecedents and consequences to modify the behavior of a dog, either for it to assist in specific activities or undertake particular tasks, or for it to participate effectively in contemporary domestic life.|I need to train my dog.|Do you use behavior analysis to modify dog's behavior?|Dog training is essentially a method to modify a dogs behavior.|Cool, what behaviors of your dog you want to modify with dog training ?
While training dogs for specific roles dates back to Roman times at least, the training of dogs to be compatible household pets developed with suburbanization in the 1950s.|I want my dog to bark less, what else do you know about dog training ?|Well, I also know that training dogs for specific roles dates back to Roman times, but training dogs to be compatible pets developed with suburbanization in the 1950s.|Well, what type of dog do you have? Household pets are totally trainable.|Well, I also know that dog training aimed to make dogs compatible household pets came about during the 1950s
The Miniature Schnauzer is a breed of small dog of the Schnauzer type that originated in Germany in the mid-to-late 19th century.|I have a miniature schnauzer, and I want it to be trained|Nice, did you know that the miniature schnauzer originated in Germany in the 19th century?|A small breed I see.  This dog will need lots of interaction with while dog training.|So you have a small breed of dog. Did you know that the breed originated in Germany?
A dog learns from interactions it has with its environment.|I didn't know that, he is small but he barks constantly and does not listen.|I see, well a dog learns from interactions with the environment.|Your dog is going to learn best in his current tormentor. You'll need to repeat good training interactions over and over.|Got it, what I can tell you is that dogs learn from the interactions it has with the environment
The common characteristics of successful methods are knowing the animal's attributes and personality, accurate timing of reinforcement and/or punishment and consistent communication.|Thank you for the info. I can't wait to get started.|Well, the common characteristics of successful methods are knowing the attributes and personality of the animal.|You'll do well. Consistency is key.  Communication and reinforcement will make it happen.|One last thing I can tell you is that knowing the attributes and personality of the animal are common characteristics of successful methods.
Harry Potter is a series of fantasy novels written by British author J. K. Rowling.|I really like Harry Potter books, I have read them all.|Ah, that's a fantasy novel by J. K Rowling.|I do love the British author J. K. Rowling. Have you read her other stuff?|That's nice. Did you know they were written by J. K. Rowling?
The books have won multiple awards, and sold more than 400 million copies.|Yes, she is such a great writer. The books are awesome.|That's great! They have won multiple awards and sold over 400 million copies.|I'm actually a fan of her poetry more then her Harry potter books even if  they did sell more then 400 Million copies.|They've won several awards, and they've also sold over 400 million copies.
Born in Yate, Gloucestershire, England, Rowling was working as a researcher and bilingual secretary for Amnesty International when she conceived the idea for the ''Harry Potter'' series while on a delayed train from Manchester to London in 1990.|Yeah, they're insanely popular. What do you know about Rowling as a person?|Well, I know that she was born in Gloucestershire, England.|She is the shining star of Yate, Gloucestershire, England i'm sure.|Well, she was born in Yate, in England, and came up with the idea for Harry Potter while waiting on a train in 1990.
Harry Potter is a series of fantasy novels written by British author J. K. Rowling.|Is that where she is from? I think I heard that she was unemployed when she wrote Harry Potter.|I'm not sure, but she wrote a series of fantasy novels by J. K Rowling.|That's a myth J. K. Rowlings actually worked for amnesty international as a international writer when she started writing Harry Potter.|I don't know what she was doing while she was writing the fantasy novels.
Guns N' Roses, often abbreviated as GNR, is an American hard rock band from Los Angeles, California, formed in 1985.|Have you heard of the band Guns N' Roses? They are my favorite band ever|I have not but I know they're from Los Angeles.|Sure the band was formed inn 1985 in  Los Angeles, California.  What is tour favorite album?|Sure the band was formed inn 1985 in Los Angeles, California. What is your favorite album?
Guns N' Roses has released six studio albums, accumulating sales of more than 100 million records worldwide, including 45 million in the United States, making them the 41st best-selling artist of all time.|Id say my favorite is Appetite for destruction|Oh, that's nice. They've been around for over 100 million years!|Yes that is  good.  They have released six studio albums and sold more than 100 million records worldwide.|Ah, OK. They've put out six studio albums and sold over 100 million records around the world.
Guns N' Roses has released six studio albums, accumulating sales of more than 100 million records worldwide, including 45 million in the United States, making them the 41st best-selling artist of all time.|They are very popular, The band was formed by Rose’s band, Hollywood Rose, and Tracii Guns’s band, L.A. Guns, thats where they got their name from.|They have sold over 100 million records worldwide.|That's right.  They are one of the best selling artists of all time.|That's cool. They are the 41st biggest-selling artists ever.
He is best known as the former drummer and co-songwriter of the hard rock band Guns N' Roses, with whom he achieved worldwide success in the late 1980s.|Indeed among the best, I believe that Steven Adler was the first to leave the band, getting kicked out in 1990 when his drug abuse got out of control|I don't know about that but he was the co-songwriter and drummer of the band Guns N' Roses.|That is a pity, his heroin addiction,  He was very talented, he achieved worldwide success in the late 1980s.|Oh, I see. He saw worldwide success with them in the late 1980s.
He is the lead vocalist of the hard rock band Guns N' Roses, and has also been the band's sole constant member since its inception in 1985.|rumor had it that the sound engineer Bob Clearmountain said Axl Rose “would threaten to quit the band three times a week.”|I don't know about that but he's the lead vocalist of Guns N' Roses.||Really? But despite it he has been the band's sole constant member since 1985.
Guns N' Roses, often abbreviated as GNR, is an American hard rock band from Los Angeles, California, formed in 1985.|Hi, My favorite artist is Guns N' Roses, do you have any thoughts on their music?|I have no favorites, but I know they're from Los Angeles.|They are a great hard rock band I heard some of their music.|Well, they're a hard rock band from California, and they formed in 1985.
The lineup, when first signed to Geffen Records in 1986, consisted of vocalist Axl Rose, lead guitarist Slash, rhythm guitarist Izzy Stradlin, bassist Duff McKagan, and drummer Steven Adler.|Nice! I see you would categorize them as a hard rock band, are there any other genres that you think they can fit in?|I'm not sure, but they were first signed to Geffen Records in 1986.|No I would only place them in that category from the sound of the drummers and guitarist they are perfect for that genre.|I wouldn't know. But I know their lineup in 1986 was Axl Rose, Slash, Izzy Stradlin, Duff McKagan, and Steven Adler.
The band achieved commercial success in both Australia and the United States.|Can you think of any other band with 5 original members?|I can't say but they've been successful in Australia and the US.|I believe little River Band does they was a successful ban in both Australia and United States.|I don't know how many members they had, but Little River Band was successful in Australia and the US.
Popular music in the 1990s saw the continuation of teen pop and dance-pop trends which had emerged in the 1970s and 1980s.|Great example and international, are there any bands that you feel we're more successful that started in the 80's ?|I'm not sure, but popular music in the 1990s saw the continuation of teen and dance-pop trends.|I'm a 90's baby so I grew up on teen pop and dance pop trends I can't speak for the 80's. lol|I don't know of any, but I do know that pop music of the 1990s was a continuation of the trends from the 1970s and 1980s.
Harry Potter is a series of fantasy novels written by British author J. K. Rowling.|Do you like Harry Potter? I have to admit I have not read any books or seen any of the movies.|I'm a bot, so I can't read books. I know that J. K. Rowling wrote the series of fantasy novels.|I have seen a couple of the movies when I was younger, im not a huge fan though! Everyone seems to love the series, i know it was produced by J.K Rowling.|I'm indifferent to it, but know that it was produced by J.K. Rowling.
The novels chronicle the life of a young wizard, Harry Potter, and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley, all of whom are students at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.|I vaguely know the characters and storylines, mostly from friends and family who are fans.|I see, well the novels chronicle the life of a young wizard, Harry Potter, and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley.|My husband is a big fan, it mainly follows Harry who is a wizard, along with his friends. They all attend the hogwarts school|I can tell you some about that, its about Harry Potter and his friends and they're all students at Hogwarts, a school for Witchcraft and Wizardry.
Universal Orlando is the second-largest resort in Greater Orlando after Walt Disney World Resort.|I live in Florida, not far away from the Wizarding World theme park, I want to go and drink butterbeer!|Oh, nice! Did you know Universal Orlando is the second-largest resort in Greater Orlando?|That sounds amazing! Im also from Fl. But Orlando is a couple hour drive for me, I do enjoy going there. Imoversal is one of the largest resorts in othat area, besides walt disney world|Neat, I know that Universal Orlando there is the 2nd largest after Walt Disney World Resort.
Joanne Rowling, ( ''rolling''; born 31 July 1965), writing under the pen names J. K. Rowling and Robert Galbraith, is a British novelist, screenwriter, and producer who is best known for writing the ''Harry Potter'' fantasy series.|What else has J.K. Rowling done outside of the Harry Potter series?|She is a British novelist who wrote the fantasy series.|J.K Rowling is a screenwriter and producer. I cant find much information about other work other then harry potter.|J. K. Rowling is a screenwriter and producer, I can't find much information about her other works than Harry Potter.
Writer J. K. Rowling cites several writers as influences in her creation of her bestselling ''Harry Potter'' series.|I guess she doesn't want to go away from what made her rich! I wonder how much those movies and books have made.|I'm not sure, but J. K. Rowling cites several writers as influences in her bestselling series.|not sure but i heard in the series she cites several other writers as her influencers|Not sure but she has cited several writers as influences for "Harry Potter".
Broken heart (also known as a heartbreak or heartache) is a term metaphor for the intense emotional—and sometimes physical—stress or pain one feels at experiencing great longing.|i heard of people dying with a broken heart.. have you heard of that?|I know that it is a metaphor for the intense emotional pain or stress one feels at experiencing great longing.|Broken Heart is a metaphor for intense emotional or physical stress and pain.  I Have heard of it happening|I have not, though a broken heart can refer to physical pain.
Emotional pain that is severe can cause 'broken heart syndrome', including physical damage to the heart.|ohhhhhhh i didnt know that|Emotional pain that is severe can cause 'broken heart syndrome', including physical damage to the heart.|Emotion pain that is severe can cause physical damage to the heart|Emotion pain that is severe can cause physical damage to the heart.
The concept is cross-cultural, often cited with reference to a desired or lost lover, and dates back at least 3,000 years.|how often does that happen? have there been studies done ?|I'm not sure, but the concept is cross-cultural, often cited with reference to a desired lover, and dates back at least 3,000 years.|This has dated back 3000 plus years and happens in many different cultures|I don't know the answer to either question, but the concept of a broken heart spans different cultures and goes back at least 3,000 years.
The emotional ''pain'' of a broken heart is believed to be part of the survival instinct.|thats understandable|I see, well the emotional pain of a broken heart is believed to be part of the survival instinct.||The emotional aspects of a broken heart is believed to be survival instinct
A paramedic is a healthcare professional, predominantly in the pre-hospital and out-of-hospital environment, and working mainly as part of emergency medical services (EMS), such as on an ambulance.|I'm a paramedic|Ah, I see. I know that paramedics work mostly in the pre-hospital and out-of-hospital environment.|that's wonderful! I have so much respect for healthcare professionals|Oh, neat! So you work in emergency medical situations, like an ambulance, right?
In some countries 'Paramedic' is a protected title and accountable to a professional regulatory body.|That's right. I work mostly out of an ambulance.|Oh, yeah? In some countries, paramedic is a protected title.|I'm an armed guard! It's funny that in some countries paramedic is accountable to a professional regulatory body|Ah, OK. Did you know that in some countries a paramedic is accountable to some sort of professional regulatory body?
The scope of the role varies widely across the world, having originally developed as a paraprofession in the United States during the 1970s.|Yes, that's true. Do you know when paramedics came about?|I'm not sure, but the role of paramedics varies widely across the world.|nope. And the scope of the role varies widely across the world!|It developed in the US during the 1970s as a paraprofession. I'm not sure when it became a full one..
Since this time, in countries such as the United Kingdom, the paramedic role has developed into an autonomous health profession, with individual licence to practice, whilst in other countries (including the United States) the paramedic remains an agent working on behalf of a doctor.|Ah, I see. I'm guessing the roles of the jobs vary between countries.|I'm not sure, but in countries like the UK, the paramedic role has developed into an autonomous health profession.|yup, for example in the UK the paramedic role has developed into an autonomous health professional|Yup, for example in the UK the paramedic role has developed into an autonomous health professional.
Since this time, in countries such as the United Kingdom, the paramedic role has developed into an autonomous health profession, with individual licence to practice, whilst in other countries (including the United States) the paramedic remains an agent working on behalf of a doctor.|Oh really? So they're not under the NHS?|I'm not sure, but in some countries, the paramedic is an agent working for a doctor.|no, they have individual licence or practice|I don't know, but they have an individual license and don't work on behalf of a doctor like in the US.
Archery is the sport, practice or skill of using a bow to propel arrows.|Archery is a really fun sport.|Interesting. Did you know that archery involves using a bow to propel arrows?|Archery is a fun skill to have. The name actually comes from the Latin word ''arcus.''|Oh, is that so? I know of it as using a bow to shoot an arrow.
Historically, archery has been used for hunting and combat.|Interesting.  When was archery first used?|I'm not sure, but archery has been used for combat and hunting.|Hunting with a bow and arrows was one of the first hunting methods to develop after the spear.|I don't know, but it historically has been used for combat and for hunting.
The bow and arrow seems to have been invented in the later Paleolithic or early Mesolithic periods.|I really enjoy the long bow.  Do you know when it was created?|I'm not sure, but the bow and arrow seems to have been invented in the early Mesolithic or Paleolithic periods.|It's estimated to have emerged in either the Paleolithic or the Mesolithic periods.|I don't, but I know the bow and arrow in general were invented either in the late Paleolithic period or the early Mesolithic.
The pulley/cam system grants the user a mechanical advantage, and so the limbs of a compound bow are much stiffer than those of a recurve bow or longbow.|Wow, and it's still relevant today.  When was the first compound bow created?|I'm not sure, but the pulley/cam system gives the user a mechanical advantage.|I'm not sure the exact time, but it didn't start seeing common use until more modern manufacturing took off in America.|I'm not sure, but the limbs of the bow are much stiffer than for a recurve or longbow.
The World Archery Federation (WA, also and formerly known as FITA from the French ''Fédération Internationale de Tir à l'Arc''), composed of 156 national federations and other archery associations, is the governing body recognized by the International Olympic Committee.|How many people engage in archery in America?|I'm not sure, but I know that the World Archery Federation is the governing body recognized by the International Olympic Committee.|The number varies, but there are over 156 national level federations dedicated to the sport.|I don't know that, either, but the World Archery Federation is made up of 156 national federations or associations. It's the IOC-recognized governing body of archery.
His music career began there in 1954, recording at Sun Records with producer Sam Phillips, who wanted to bring the sound of African American music to a wider audience.|Hi, I love Elvis Presley. How about you?|I'm a bot, so I can't listen to music. I know that Elvis Presley started his career there in 1954.|I also am a fan.  He began his career way back in 1954|Not one here but what year did you become his fan? He begun his music career during 1954.
Elvis Aaron Presley (January 8, 1935 – August 16, 1977) was an American singer, musician, and actor.|I can't really remember, I've just been a fan of his music for a long time. It's a shame he passed so early, do you know what year that was?|Yes, he passed on August 16, 1977.|Well he died in 1977, at the age of 42.  That ended is career as a singer and actor|Well he died in August of 1977, he was just 42 since he was born in January 1935.
Regarded as one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century, he is often referred to as the ''King of Rock and Roll'' or simply ''the King''.|That's short lived, how many albums did he release during that time?|I'm not sure, but he's considered one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century.|Quite a few.  He was one of the biggest icons of the 20th century.|I don't know be he is regarded as one of the 1900's most important cultural icons.
Presley's first RCA single, ''Heartbreak Hotel'', was released in January 1956 and became a number one hit in the United States.|How did he die?|I'm not sure, but his first RCA single, "Heartbreak Hotel" was released in 1956.|There have been conflicting reports.  His first single in 1956 was Heartbreak Hotel|I don't know that detail but his first RCA single became the top hit in the US.
The term ''rockabilly'' itself is a portmanteau of ''rock'' (from ''rock 'n' roll'') and ''hillbilly'', the latter a reference to the country music (often called ''hillbilly music'' in the 1940s and 1950s) that contributed strongly to the style.|If that is his first single, what would be his last single?|I'm not sure, but the term is a portmanteau of ''rock'' and ''hillbilly''.|I really do not know of the top of my head.  I do know that he helped bring rockabilly to the masses|I can't say but have you heard of rockabilly? It's a portmanteau of hillbilly and rock.
The 1970s and 1980s marked a dramatic increase in the growth of the bodybuilding supplement industry, fueled by widespread use of modern marketing techniques and a marked increase in recreational bodybuilding.|I am thinking about starting to bodybuild.|That's nice. Did you know that the 1970s and 1980s marked a dramatic increase in the bodybuilding supplement industry?|bodybuilding was huge in the 70's and 80's and still is today, but I remember it was such a fad then|Speaking of bodybuilding, did you know that the bodybuilding supplement industry grew a lot during the 1970s and 1980s?
A number of herbal concoctions and tonics have been used by strong men and athletes since ancient times across cultures to try to increase their strength and stamina.|I didn't know that, I think it has got safer as the years have gone by.|I don't know about that but athletes and strong men use herbal concoctions and tonics to increase their strength and stamina.|I agree, people are smarter and of course more info is available through the internet. There are tons of herbal tonics and powders to increase strength and stamina now|Have you tried herbal concoctions and tonics ? Those have been used to try increasing stamina and strength by athletes since long ago
Athletes in ancient Greece were advised to consume large quantities of meat and wine.|I have never heard of those. What kind of supplements would best increase mass gains?|I'm not sure, but ancient Greeks advised them to consume large quantities of wine and meat.|I am not sure now days but in Ancient Greece bodybuilders were advised to eat lots of meat and drink lots of wine, not sure that is best today|I am not sure, but in Ancient Greece bodybuilders were advised to eat lots of meat and drink lots of wine
In the 1910s, Eugen Sandow, widely considered to be the first modern bodybuilder in the West, advocated the use of dietary control to enhance muscle growth.|I think today there is a lot of man made chemicals in powder form.|I see, did you know that in the 1910s, Eugen Sandow advocated the use of dietary control?|in the early 1900's there was a man names Eugen Sandow, was very much an advocate for use of dietary control to enhance muscle growth|Have you ever heard of Eugen Sandow? He was an advocate for the use of dietary control in order to enhance muscle growth
Under DSHEA, responsibility for determining the safety of the dietary supplements changed from government to the manufacturer and supplements no longer required approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) before distributing product.|I have never heard of this person before. Did he advocated for dietary supplements as well?|I'm not sure, but the FDA changed the responsibility for determining the safety of the supplements from the government to the manufacturer.|Yes, we now have the DSHEA they are responsible for determining safety for taking dietary suppliments, which was not in place back then|I am not sure about it, what I know about dietary supplements is the fact that they are no longer required to be approved by the FDA
Bowling is a sport or leisure activity in which a player rolls or throws a bowling ball towards a target.|I lvoe bowling! Do you?|I'm a bot, so I can't bowl. I know that it's a sport or a leisure activity.|Yes, it's so fun. I love rolling and knocking down the pins and targets|No, I'm a bot, so I can't bowl. I know that it involves rolling or throwing a ball at a target.
The objective is to score the highest pinfall by knocking down as many pins as possible.|I struggle to get strikes every time but I get lots of spares!|Oh, that's nice. The goal is to score the highest pinfall by knocking down as many pins as possible.|I think it's really fun to get strikes. In 10 pin bowling, getting the highest score is key|That's great! The object of the game is to knock down lots of pins, as many as possible.
It is one of the major forms of throwing sports.|Yes, definitely. The ultimate goals is a perfect game.|I see, well it is one of the major throwing sports.|I'ev had perfect games before and including throwing the sports.|Oh, that's good to know. It seems bowling is a major throwing sport.
In pin bowling variations, the target is usually to knock over pins at the end of a lane.|Yeah, lots of people like to play it.|I see, did you know that pin bowling is a variation of the target?|Just aim for the end of the lane and let it loose. There are ways to make it happen, but it is hard.|Well, for pin bowling you usually knock over pins that sit at the end of the lane.
Three consecutive strikes is a known as a ''turkey''.|Yes, that's right. Hopefully you get lots of strikes!|Yes, three consecutive strikes are called a "turkey".|No I have not. But three strikes is a turkey, and I've always thought that was funny|If you get three strikes in a row, it's called a turkey.
The United States has 59 protected areas known as national parks that are operated by the National Park Service, an agency of the Department of the Interior.|I want to buy a pass and visit all the national parks in the US.|Oh, nice. The US has 59 protected areas.|That could be fun!  The United States has 59 protected areas known as national parks that are operated by the National Park Service|That sounds interesting, which of the 59 national parks would you want to visit?
A bill creating the first national park, Yellowstone, was signed into law by President Ulysses S. Grant in 1872, followed by Mackinac National Park in 1875 (decommissioned in 1895), and then Rock Creek Park (later merged into National Capital Parks), Sequoia and Yosemite in 1890.|I didnt realize they were so many. Do you know which park is the most visited?|I don't know but a bill establishing Yellowstone was signed into law in 1872.|Well they had A bill creating the first national park, Yellowstone, was signed into law by President Ulysses S. Grant in 1872. So that is probably the most loved|Unfortunately, I do not know but I can tell you that Yellowstone was the first one signed into law by President Grant in 1872.
The Organic Act of 1916 created the National Park Service ''to conserve the scenery and the natural and historic objects and wildlife therein, and to provide for the enjoyment of the same in such manner and by such means as will leave them unimpaired for the enjoyment of future generations.''|Have you visited any of the parks? Ive only been to the Grand Canyon.|No, I'm a bot, so I can't visit parks. I know that the Organic Act of 1916 created the National Park Service.|I have been to big bend in texas. i learned in school The Organic Act of 1916 created the National Park Service ''to conserve the scenery and the natural and historic objects and wildlife therein|I haven't visited any but would you be interested to know that the National Park Service was created by the Organic Act of 1916?
Many current national parks had been previously protected as national monuments by the president under the Antiquities Act before being upgraded by Congress.|Who signed that act into law?|I'm not sure, but the president protected many of the parks under the Antiquities Act before Congress upgraded them.|im really not sure but Many current national parks had been previously protected as national monuments.|I'm not really sure but many current national parks had been previously protected as national monuments.
Seven national parks (including six in Alaska) are paired with a national preserve, areas with different levels of protection that are administered together but considered separate units and whose areas are not included in the figures below.|I think its great to protect these  sites especially from big business.|I see, did you know there are seven national parks paired with a national preserve?|Same! Seven national parks (including six in Alaska) are paired with a national preserve and those are really pretty|Yeah, but one thing to note is that 7 national parks are paired with national preserves, which are areas with differing levels of protection.
American football, referred to as football in the United States and Canada, and also known as gridiron football or simply gridiron, is a team sport played by two teams of eleven players on a rectangular field with goalposts at each end.|i played football in college|Oh, cool! Did you know that it's a team sport played by two teams of eleven players?|love gridiron football.|Did you play America football? I know that it is also known and gridiron football
The offense, which is the team controlling the oval-shaped football, attempts to advance down the field by running with or passing the ball, while the defense, which is the team without control of the ball, aims to stop the offense's advance and aims to take control of the ball for themselves.|Exactly that, I liked to play the offense.|Oh, really? The offense, which is the team controlling the oval-shaped football, attempts to advance down the field by running with or passing the ball.|I played offense. I helped them try to advance the ball.|Nice, I know that the offense attempts to advance by running with the ball or passing it
The Ohio State Buckeyes football team is a college football team that competes as part of the NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision, representing Ohio State University in the East Division of the Big Ten Conference.|That is correct. I played for the Ohio State Buckeyes team|Oh, OK. Did you know they are part of the NCAA Division I Football Bowl?|I played on the Ohio State Buckeyes. We played for the Big Ten Conference.|That's cool. Speaking of this college football team, I know that it represents Ohio State University in the Big Ten Conference.
The team was led by head coach Urban Meyer in his return to coaching after retiring from Florida in 2010 due to health concerns.|cool, that's a top football school|Yeah, and the coach, Urban Meyer, retired from Florida in 2010 due to health concerns.|Yes. I played in 2012 and played for coach Urban Meyer.|Now tell me, were you led by coach Urban Meyer? He returned to coaching after retiring.
Instagram is a mobile, desktop, and Internet-based photo-sharing application and service that allows users to share pictures and videos either publicly, or privately to pre-approved followers.|I am on instagram and love to see all the cool pics everyone posts|Cool! Did you know Instagram is a photo sharing application and service that allows users to share pictures and videos publicly?|I post pictures of my son on Instagram all the time! Such a cool photo-sharing app|What about your pics, do you like to post them on this photo-sharing application and service called Instagram ?
It was created by Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger, and launched in October 2010 as a free mobile app exclusively for the iOS operating system.|I don't post very often, what I like about Instagram is that makes it easy to keep up with what family and friends are doing|Oh, cool! It was created by Mike Krieger and Kevin Systrom.|yes, i agree with you! I can't believe it was created in 2010 and excusevily for IOS operating system|So, for how lond do you and your family and friends have an Instagram account? I know that Instagram was launched on October 2010
It is owned by Facebook.|I believe we all created an account on Instagram at the same time we created one on Facebook|Oh, yeah? I know Facebook owns it.|me too. Now it's owned by Facebook|I can see that you are on Facebook as well then, did you know that Facebook owns Instagram?
They can add hashtags to their posts, linking the photos up to other content on Instagram featuring the same subject or overall topic.|I was not aware Facebook now owns instagram|I'm not sure, but they can add hashtags to their posts, linking the photos up to other Instagram content with the same subject.|yup, i've read about it the other day. Do you use hashtags on your posts? it helps to link photos to other content on instagram|That is fine, but were you aware that you can add hashtags to your posts, right ?
Originally, a distinctive feature of Instagram was its confining of photos to a square; this was changed in August 2015, when an update started allowing users to upload media at full size.|Yes hashtags are great and it makes it easier to find relevant info|Oh, that's nice. Instagram's unique feature was its confining of photos to a square.|i'm so glad now we can upload media at full size and not in square|Now tell me, do you prefer posting photos at full size or as squares? Full size media upload only came to Instagram in 2015
Archery is the sport, practice or skill of using a bow to propel arrows.|I always wanted to learn how to do archery. What can you tell me about it?|Well, I can tell you that archery involves using a bow to propel arrows.|It is a cool sport actually!  You use the skill of using a bow to shoot arrows at targets (or people - - whichever)|I can tell you that archery involves using a bow to shoot arrows.
Historically, archery has been used for hunting and combat.|OK, kind of obvious. Do you know any history of archery?|I know that archery has been used for combat and hunting.|Well if you consider that historically it's used for hunting and combat, people have been shot with arrows - I mean look at Hawkeye!  He's the ultimate archery master!|Archery's historical use was for combat and hunting.
In modern times, it is mainly a competitive sport and recreational activity.|That is true. Archery was around long before guns were invented. It used to be the most lethal weapon around!|I see, well in modern times it is a sport and a recreational activity.|Of course now I guess we are more tame - lawd help us! But I guess it's politically correct now for it to be a competitive sport and recreational activity|Nowadays, though, it's mostly a sport or leisure activity.
Bows eventually replaced the spear-thrower as the predominant means for launching shafted projectiles, on every continent except Australasia, though spear-throwers persisted alongside the bow in parts of the Americas, notably Mexico and among the Inuit.|Well if the zombie apocalypse happens I will make sure to get a decent crossbow and change my name to Daryl.|Yeah, the spear-thrower was the predominant means for shafted projectiles.|You could always go with the spear-thrower to launch those projectiles!  Bows pretty much replaced them, but hey, sometimes the oldest are the best ya know!|OK. To give you some more history, bows replaced spear throwing implements for launching shaft-based projectiles.
The arrows were made of pine and consisted of a mainshaft and a long fore shaft with a flint point.|Oh, that's cool. What were arrows made from?|They were made of pine and had a mainshaft and a long fore shaft.|Right!  I mean, as long as  you can protect yourself!  And make sure that your arrows are made of pine - because it's a bit softer and easier to carve into a super sharp point.|They were made from pine with flint at the point.
Broken heart (also known as a heartbreak or heartache) is a term metaphor for the intense emotional—and sometimes physical—stress or pain one feels at experiencing great longing.|My heart hurts from a broken relationship :(|Oh, that's nice. Broken heart is a metaphor for the pain or stress one feels at longing.|You sound like you are dealing with the oh so fun broken heart.  It can cause emotional and even physical pain.|That's too bad. A broken heart can sometimes even cause physical pain.
It is mental suffering; mental torment.''|Yeah, I am feeling it right now. :( Do you know how to make it stop?|I'm not sure, but it's mental suffering, or mental torment.|If it is mental suffering, sometimes you just need time.|A broken heart involves mental suffering or even torment. I don't really know how to make it stop.
Emotional pain that is severe can cause 'broken heart syndrome', including physical damage to the heart.|Well, I've heard time heals all wounds. What else do you know about broken hearts?|Well, I also know that emotional pain that is severe can cause 'broken heart syndrome'.||Emotional pain that is so severe can actually cause damage to the heart.  It is called broken heart syndrome.
The concept is cross-cultural, often cited with reference to a desired or lost lover, and dates back at least 3,000 years.|Wow, can you tell me more about that? It sounds like what I may have right now.|Yes, the concept is cross-cultural, often cited with reference to a desired or lost lover.|The term actually goes back over 1000 years and is noted to be across several cultures|That's really all I know, except that the concept of a broken heart goes back over 3,000 years and spans different cultures.
The Chihuahua () is the smallest breed of dog and is named after the state of Chihuahua in Mexico.|I love chihuahuas, I have 2 of them.|Oh, cool! Chihuahuas are the smallest breed of dog.|Wow chihuahua are something else. Tiny and the smallest breed of dog.|So, do you like small dogs? chihuahua is the smalles breed of dog
Both folklore and archaeological finds show that the breed originated in Mexico.|Yep, they get a bad rap about their demeanor too. Most people say they're mean but one of mine is the sweetest ever.|I see, did you know that both folklore and archaeological finds show that the breed originated in Mexico?|Yeah their history is shrouded in mystery, but the breed originated in Mexico.|Cool, did you know that the breed is originally from mexico, as archaeological finds show?
The Chihuahua () is the smallest breed of dog and is named after the state of Chihuahua in Mexico.|I've always wondered if they came from the city Chihuahua, Mexico. My sister in law visited there once.|I'm not sure, but they are the smallest breed of dog.|Well people think they were named after Chihuahua in mexico, and were worshipped as deities by the Aztecs|Well, the breed was actually name after Chihuahua, the state in mexico
The Aztec religion is the Mesoamerican religion of the Aztecs.|Ah so that makes sense why mine think they're gods lol|I don't know about gods, but the Aztec religion is the Mesoamerican religion of the Aztecs.|The Aztec religion upheld them as living gods with the power to return life to the dead and grand you fortune and fame.|Are you talking about gods in the aztec religion, the religion of the aztecs ?
In fact, wheeled dog toys representing the Chihuahua have been unearthed across Mesoamerica from Mexico to El Salvador.|Yes, I was reading about this mesoamerican religion|Oh, that's nice. Did you know that dog toys representing the Chihuahua have been unearthed across Mesoamerica?|Absolutely they even mad wheeled dog toys representing the  Chihuahua kids could carry around with for good luck and fun.|Speaking of Mesoamerica, I know that wheeled dog toys that represent the chihuahua were unearthed across there
Waterfowl hunting (also called wildfowling or waterfowl shooting in the UK) is the practice of hunting ducks, geese, or other waterfowl for food and sport.|Have you ever been waterfowl hunting?|I have not, but I know that it involves hunting ducks, geese, or other waterfowl for sport and food.|I have not been waterfowl hunting. Do you just hunt birds that are near the water?|No, I've never been, as I'm a bot. Have you ever been waterfowl hunting? It's also called wildfowling in the UK.
A shotgun (also known as a scattergun, or historically as a fowling piece) is a firearm that is usually designed to be fired from the shoulder, which uses the energy of a fixed shell to fire a number of small spherical pellets called shot, or a solid projectile called a slug.|Sort of yes, it is duckhunting and you sometimes have a dog with you to retrieve them|I see, did you know that a shotgun is a firearm that is usually designed to be fired from the shoulder?|Are shotguns usually the go to gun for this?|Oh, I see. Do you have a shotgun? They can be used with shot or with slugs.
In many western countries, commercial waterfowl hunting is prohibited, and duck hunting is primarily an outdoor sporting activity.|Yes, usually you'd use shot for this type of hunting.|I see, well in many western countries duck hunting is not allowed.|I think where I live, we can only hunt at certain times of the year.|It seems in some countries hunting waterfowl for commercial purposes is banned.
Wild waterfowl have been hunted for food, down, and feathers worldwide since prehistoric times.|That is how it is here as well, I think that makes good sense though|Yeah, and they have been hunted for food, feathers, and down.|So I guess people started hunting them for food. I cannot imagine that they would taste too good.|Also, people have been hunting waterfowl since prehistoric times.
Elvis Aaron Presley (January 8, 1935 – August 16, 1977) was an American singer, musician, and actor.|hello dear who is Elvis Presley?|He was an American singer, actor and musician.||He was an American singer, musician, and actor.
Regarded as one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century, he is often referred to as the ''King of Rock and Roll'' or simply ''the King''.|wow he is a whole lot|He's considered one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century.|yes he is,  he was seen as one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century|Well, he indeed was seen as one of the cultural icons of most significance of the 20th century
Regarded as one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century, he is often referred to as the ''King of Rock and Roll'' or simply ''the King''.|Where was he from?|He was considered one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century.|he was called the King of Rock and Roll|I don't have this information right now. Do you want to know anything else about the man referred as the King ?
With a series of successful network television appearances and chart-topping records, he became the leading figure of the newly popular sound of rock and roll.|I want to know about the music he played.|He was the leading figure of rock and roll's newly popular sound.|There are alot of them on youtube buddy, he had  a series of successful network television appearances and chart-topping records|So let me tell you. He was a leading figure of the sound of rock and roll
Skiing can be a means of transport, a recreational activity or a competitive winter sport in which the participant uses skis to glide on snow.|i think skiing is for rich people|I see, did you know that skiing can be a sport for skiers to glide on snow?|Same here, I've never tried skiing whether it was for recreation or for transport.|Really? It can be used as a form of transport.
Many types of competitive skiing events are recognized by the International Olympic Committee (IOC), and the International Ski Federation (FIS).|yeah the equipment is too expensive, even if you rent|I see, did you know that the International Olympic Committee recognizes many types of events?|Exactly. That's why I just stick to watching competitive skiing occasionally.|Do you watch competitive skiing, like those events the International Olympic Committee recognizes?
Skiing has a history of almost five millennia.|That's cool. Do you have any favorite skiers?|I'm a bot, so I can't ski. I know that it's been around for almost 5 millennia.|Not really, but it has been around for so long, or about five millennia.|No, I'm a bot so I can't watch skiing. However, it's been around for nearly five millennia.
Although modern skiing has evolved from beginnings in Scandinavia, it may have been practiced more than 100 centuries ago in what is now China, according to an interpretation of ancient paintings.|five millennia?! Wow that's old|It's been practiced more than 100 years ago in China, according to an interpretation of ancient paintings.|I know, it's crazy! It has evolved drastically since it was made in Scandinavia.|There's also some evidence it was practiced in China more than ten thousand years ago.
Although modern skiing has evolved from beginnings in Scandinavia, it may have been practiced more than 100 centuries ago in what is now China, according to an interpretation of ancient paintings.|Oh, wow, so skiing was a Chinese invention?|I'm not sure, but it's been practiced in China over 100 years ago.|Yeah I really don't know if I could ever live there, it is ridiculously cold over in Scandinavia. No wonder they used skiis.|Well, modern skiing began in Scandinavia.
Skiing can be a means of transport, a recreational activity or a competitive winter sport in which the participant uses skis to glide on snow.|im planning a Skiing trip next winter|I see, did you know that skiing can be a sport for the participants to use skis to glide on snow?|Do you participate in competitive skiing?|That's cool, are you going to go skiing for a competition or as a means of transport or something else?
The first depiction of a skier with two ski poles dates to 1741.|no, i just do it for fun. anything i should know  in advanced for my Skiing trip?|I know that the first depiction of a skier with two ski poles dates back to 1741.|Just make sure to bring two ski poles.|Not about your trip but you may be interested to know that the first skier with two ski poles was depicted way back in 1741.
Early skiers used one long pole or spear.|Oh no way? I would have though two poles is a modern thing.|I see, did you know that skiers used one pole or a spear?|Back then it was easier for early skiers to remember to bring them because they only used one long pole.|I'm not sure if it is modern or not but the earlier skiers used either a spear or long pole.
The first depiction of a skier with two ski poles dates to 1741.|I  would imagined it was harder to ski with one pole rather than like we do it know|I see, did you know that the first depiction of a skier with two ski poles dates back to 1741?|Exactly, they didn't start using two poles until 1741.|Who knows but it wasn't till 1741 where a skier was depicted using two poles.
Hunting is the practice of killing or trapping animals, or pursuing or tracking them with the intent of doing so.|I love hunting . do  you ever hunt?|I'm a bot, so I can't hunt. I know that hunting involves killing or trapping animals.|Yes I deer hunt and we eat the venison its the practice of killing animals with the intent to do so|I am a bot so that is not possible to me, what do you love most about killing or trapping animals ?
Hunting wildlife or feral animals is most commonly done by humans for food, recreation, to remove predators that are dangerous to humans or domestic animals, or for trade.|I love that we can eat the animals, it is very tasty!|Do you hunt wildlife or feral animals for recreation, food, or for trade?|Humans mostly hunt for food but some hunt for recreation or sport and some to remove predators|Speaking of eating the animals, I know that humans mostly hunt for food, to remove predators or recreation
Hunting wildlife or feral animals is most commonly done by humans for food, recreation, to remove predators that are dangerous to humans or domestic animals, or for trade.|yeah where i live it is a way of life for some|Ah, that's nice. Do you hunt wildlife or feral animals for recreation, or for commercial use?|I also hunt to remove predators they are dangerous to livestock and domestic animals|Where you live do people hunt for trade as well? I know that trade is also a common reason for hunting
The species that are hunted are referred to as game or prey and are usually mammals and birds.|yeah and that way you get pelts|That's nice. Do you also hunt the species that are hunted? They are called game or prey.|Yes and the species I am hunting is called prey or game and is often mammals or birds|Do you like to hunt mammals or birds ? Those are usually the species that are hunted
Hunting advocates state that hunting can be a necessary component of modern wildlife management, for example, to help maintain a population of healthy animals within an environment's ecological carrying capacity when natural checks such as predators are absent or very rare.|I prefer to hunt mammals and predators|Ah, that's interesting. Hunting advocates say that hunting is a necessary part of wildlife management.|Yes and hunting is a part of modern wildlife managment|One last thing I can say about hunting is that it can be a component of the management of modern wildlife.
Cheerleading originated in the United States, and remains predominantly in America, with an estimated 1.5 million participants in all-star cheerleading.|So how do you feel about cheerleading?|I'm a bot, so I can't do cheerleading. I know that it's mostly in America.|I find it fascinating to learn that cheerleading began in the United States rather than in Germany.|I don't have an opinion, being a bot, but I know that cheerleading started in the US, and it's still predominantly an American activity.
Cheerleading originated in the United States, and remains predominantly in America, with an estimated 1.5 million participants in all-star cheerleading.|Did it? That's really cool!|I'm not sure, but it's estimated that around 1.5 million people are all-star cheerleaders.|Yes, and apparently it's very popular with over a million people doing it.|Yes, about 1.5 million people participate in all-star cheerleading.
Cheerleading began during the late 18th century with the rebellion of male students.|I can see that. Also, the first cheerleaders were men. Looks like women cheerleaders were overlooked until the 1940s|Yeah, and it started in the late 18th century with the rebellion of male students.|I've learned that it all started with a rebellion of some male students.|So, it started during the late 1700s, with a rebellion of male students.
After the American Revolutionary War, students experienced harsh treatment from teachers.|Hahaha what?|I'm not sure, but after the American Revolutionary War, teachers were harshly treated students.|It's true! Apparently there was some really bad treatment from teachers so the male students rebelled!|Apparently, after the Revolutionary War students were treated really harshly by their teachers.
After the American Revolutionary War, students experienced harsh treatment from teachers.|That's amazing!|After the American Revolutionary War, students were treated harshly by teachers.|I agree! I mean, who would think that post american revolution males would turn to cheerleading?!|It's true, the teachers treated their students harshly.
It is owned by Dylan Lauren, daughter of fashion designer Ralph Lauren.|I love chocolate bars.  Have you ever heard of Dylan's Candy Bar?|I have not, but I know that Dylan Lauren is the daughter of Ralph Lauren.|I have heard of it, the daughter of Dylan Lauren owns it, but she is a fashion designer|I know that the daughter of Ralph Lauren, Dylan Lauren owns it.
Dylan Lauren (born May 9, 1974) is an American entrepreneur.|Who is Dylan Lauren?|He is an American entrepreneur.||She is an american entrepreneur!
Lauren said that her goal was to ''merge fashion, art and pop candy culture''.|I see.  She is a fashion designer?  What kind of clothes does she make?|I'm not sure, but she said that her goal was to make fashion, art and pop candy culture.|She does not focus too much on clothes, her goal is to merge fashion and candy with art|I don't know if she's a fashion designer, but her goal for the store is to merge the cultures of fashion, art, and popular candy.
Dylan's Candy Bar is a chain of boutique candy shops and candy supplier currently located in New York City; East Hampton, New York; Los Angeles, Chicago and Miami Beach, as well as in wholesale venues around the globe.|That sounds a little strange.  Where can you buy Dylan's Candy Bar?|I'm not sure, but they're currently in New York City, New York, Los Angeles, and Miami Beach.|there are currerntly stores in new york city, east hampton, los angeles, chicago and miami|Dylan's Candy Bar is actually a chain of candy stores. They can be found in New York City, LA, Chicago, Miami Beach and East Hampton.
Regarded as one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century, he is often referred to as the ''King of Rock and Roll'' or simply ''the King''.|I really like Elvis' music. What about you?|I'm a bot, so I can't listen to music. I know that Elvis is considered one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century.|I love Elvis! He was the King of Rock and Roll!|I can't listen do music, on account of being a bot. I do, however, know that he was called "the King".
Presley was born in Tupelo, Mississippi, and relocated to Memphis, Tennessee, with his family when he was 13 years old.|Can you tell me more about him? Like where he lived?|He was born in Tupelo, Mississippi.||Yeah! He was born in Tupelo, Mississippi and moved to Memphis when he was 13 years old.
It is located at 3764 Elvis Presley Boulevard in the vast Whitehaven community, about 9 miles (14.5 km) from Downtown and less than four miles (6 km) north of the Mississippi border.|Oh isn't Graceland in Memphis? I want to visit some time.|I'm not sure, but it's located at 3764 Elvis Presley Boulevard.|It's beautiful there, it's on Elvis Presley Blvd in the Whitehaven community.|I don't know if it's in Memphis, but its address is 3764 Elvis Presly Boulevard, in the Whitehaven neighborhood.
This roadway began as a toll ''Plank Road'' built between Memphis and Hernando, Mississippi in 1852.|I have seen pictures. I heard the museum is great.|That's nice. It was built between Memphis and Hernando, Mississippi.|I saw an exhibit at the museum once that showed how Elvis Presley Blvd was originally a toll ''plank Road'' built in 1852.|That's cool! It turns out the roadway was originally a plank road that charged tolls back in 1852.
The maximum score is 300, which is achieved by getting 12 strikes in a row.|Bowling is one of my favorites hobbies.|Oh, cool! Did you get the maximum score of 300?|Iv'e been bowling a few times, but how does the scoring work?|Do you know ho the score of your favorite hobby works? In bowling you can achieve the maximum score of 300 by getting 12 strikes
Ten-pin bowling is a sport in which a player (called a ''bowler'') rolls a bowling ball down a wood-structure or synthetic (polyurethane) lane and towards ten pins positioned at the end of the lane.|That is correct, do you know anything about ten-pin bowling?|Yes, it's a sport where a player rolls a bowling ball down a synthetic lane.|Is the scoring the same as in Ten-pin bowling?|Of course, I know that in ten=pin bowling there are 10 pins at the end of the lanes
The objective is to score the highest pinfall by knocking down as many pins as possible.|I have never played Ten-pin bowling, I wouldn't know.|I see, well the goal is to score the highest pinfall by knocking down as many pins as possible.|Apparently the scoring is very different.  pin counts don't roll over and only total pin knockdowns count towards the score.|So let me tell you about the objective of this game then, which is to knock down as many pins as you can
Generally, the heavier the ball, the more pins that will topple on two equivalent shots.|What else you know about bowling?|Well, I also know that the heavier the ball, the more pins that topple on two equal shots.|In ten-pin, the ball is called a ''bowler''. Heavier ''bowlers'' are used by pros because they, statistically, will knock over more pins.|Well, I also know that heavier balls will topple more pins
Harry Potter is a series of fantasy novels written by British author J. K. Rowling.|I just ordered all the Harry Potter books and look forward to reading them|Ah, that's a fantasy novel by J. K. Rowling.|I have never read any books by the British author J.K. Rowling, it does sound like an interesting series though|No, I can't read since I'm a bot.  However, I know that the novels were written by J. K. Rowling.
, the books have sold more than 500 million copies worldwide, making them the best-selling book series in history, and have been translated into seventy-three languages.|Yes, that's right. They're hugely popular.|They've sold over 500 million copies worldwide!|It must be very popular to have sold more than 500 million copies around the world. It has been translated to 73 languages!|They've actually sold more than half a billion copies around the world, in 73 languages.
The novels chronicle the life of a young wizard, Harry Potter, and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley, all of whom are students at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.|That's a ton of book! What are they about?|They chronicle the life of a young wizard, Harry Potter, and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley.|I see, his friends Hermoine Granger and Ron Weasley and they must go that Hogwarts School|The story is about Harry Potter and his friends at Hogwarts.
Since the release of the first novel, ''Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone'', on 26 June 1997, the books have found immense popularity, critical acclaim, and commercial success worldwide.|The books have been insanely popular since they came out world wide|They have been hugely popular, critical acclaim and commercial success worldwide.|I thought they came out more recently than Juen 26, 1997!|Yes, and they've also found immense critical acclaim as well.
American football, referred to as football in the United States and Canada, and also known as gridiron football or simply gridiron, is a team sport played by two teams of eleven players on a rectangular field with goalposts at each end.|I love American football dont you?|I'm a bot, so I can't watch football. I know it's a team sport played by two teams of eleven players.|I do too! It's a great team sport played on a rectangular field between two goalposts.|I am a bot so I don't have any opinions to be given, I have some facts to tell you instead. Did you know that American football is also known as gridiron ?
The team with the most points at the end of a game wins.|I didn't know that. I think my favorite team is the cowboys|Oh, cool. The cowboys have the most points at the end of the game.|Don't hold this against me, but I like the Patriots. They seem to always be the team with the most points at the end of the game.|Does this team get to be the one with the most points when the game ends and wins a lot ?
He is one of only two players to win five Super Bowls (the other being defensive player Charles Haley) and the only player to win them all playing for one team.|I am not sure how they are lately, but they are still a good team even though they had that controversy|I'm not sure, but they are one of only two players who win five Super Bowls.|Yes, they have. Tom Brady is my favorite player. He is one of only two players to have won 5 Super Bowls.|If you're telling me so. Let's talk about players now, did you know that Charles Haley is one of the 2 players with 5 super bowls ?
The first match of American football was played on November 6, 1869, between two college teams, Rutgers and Princeton, under rules based on the association football rules of the time.|I didn't know that, I thought only Tom Brady had that. What else do you know about football?|Well, I also know that the first American football match was played in 1869||The first game of football was played on November 6, 1869. It was a college game.
Japanese is an agglutinative, mora-timed language with simple phonotactics, a pure vowel system, phonemic vowel and consonant length, and a lexically significant pitch-accent.|Do you know how to speak in Japanese? I always have found it interesting but have never taken any formal schooling or lessons|I don't, but I know that it's an agglutinative language with a mora-timed language.|Yes, you should learn. It's easy because it has simple phonotactics, and a pure vowel system.|I am a bot but I don't speak Japanese. But I know that the Japanese language has simple phonotactics and a pure vowel system.
English loanwords, in particular, have become frequent, and Japanese words from English roots have proliferated.|Oh okay I see. So its much less complicated then learning English or Spanish? I took 3 years of Spanish and can only say as many phrases as I can count with my two hands. Its challenging to learn a new languege|I'm not sure, but I know that Japanese words from English roots have proliferated.|Yes, Japanese is somewhat similar to English because a lot of their words have English roots.|Actually, I am not sure if Japanese is less complicated than Spanish or English. Although I know that Japanese has words from English roots
Word order is normally subject–object–verb with particles marking the grammatical function of words, and sentence structure is topic–comment.|Oh okay, doesnt the language look like pictures on paper rather then letters like English?|I'm not sure, but the word order is subject-object-verb with particles marking the grammatical function of words.|Yes, and word order goes from subject to object to verb.|I don't know about any pictures, what I know is that particles mark the words' grammatical function
Late Middle Japanese (1185–1600) included changes in features that brought it closer to the modern language, and the first appearance of European loanwords.|Interesting. How common is the language in the US? Or is it one of the top ten spoken languages in the world?|I'm not sure, but the late Middle Japanese had changes in features that brought it closer to the modern language.||I'm not sure, but in 1185 is when they first started borrowing words from European language.
The maximum score is 300, which is achieved by getting 12 strikes in a row.|I love bowling, In fact I do it every week, How about you?|I'm a bot, so I can't bowl. I know that the maximum score is 300, and 12 strikes in a row are achieved.|I enjoy bowling, but I don't go all that often. My highest score is only a 220, which is far short of the maximum score of 300.|As a bot, I can't bowl, but I know if you get 12 strikes in a row, you achieve the highest score of 300.
Other bowling balls, such as those used in five-pin bowling, candlepin bowling, and duckpin bowling are smaller, lighter, and without holes, so that they may be held in the palm of the bowler's hand.|Yep, that's true. What do you know about bowling balls, by the way?|Well, I know that other bowling balls can be used in candlepin bowling, and duckpin bowling.|I only have used the bowling balls provided at the bowling alley. Most of the time I use the 12lb ball. Most of the time I hold the ball in the palm of my hand when I throw it.|I know the bowling balls used in five-pin, candlepin and duckpin bowling are smaller and don't have holes. They're meant to be held in the palm.
A bowling ball is a piece of sporting equipment used to hit bowling pins in the sport of bowling.|Oh, interesting. I've only ever done ten-pin bowling, with the big bowling ball that has holes in it.|Oh, that's nice. It's a piece of sporting equipment used to hit bowling pins.|The accuracy of the bowling ball really boils down to practice and using the same ball over and over again.|Ultimately, a bowling ball is what is used to hit the pins.
It is one of the major forms of throwing sports.|That's true. What else do you know about bowling.|Well, I also know that it is one of the major throwing sports.|You would have to start out playing in local leagues and then move your way up. You would have to do very well, because it is one of the major throwing sports and is very competitive.|Well, I know that its a major throwing sport.
The maximum score is 300, which is achieved by getting 12 strikes in a row.|Yep, that's true. Anything else you know?|Well, the maximum score is 300, and 12 strikes in a row are achieved.|It takes a lot of practice, to get the maximum score of 300, you have to score 12 strikes in a row.|I just know that the maximum score is 300, or 12 strikes in a row.
It may be machine- or hand-knitted.|I really enjoyed wearing Cardigan sweaters in the fall or winter.  I think it adds a bit of sophistication to a person's wardrobe.|Oh, cool! Do you like it hand-knitted or machine-knitted?|I agree. I think it would be cool to machine or hand knit one also.|Nice that you enjoyed that, do you prefer the ones that are machine or hand-knetted?
Coco Chanel is credited with popularizing cardigans for women because ''she hated how tight-necked men’s sweaters messed up her hair when she pulled them over her head.''|I prefer the knitted ones, my mom use to make cardigans for women|Oh, cool! She hated how tight-necked men's sweaters messed up her hair when she pulled them over her head.|Cool I didn't know that! They were actually popularized by Coco Chanel who disliked for tight-necked mens sweaters messed up her hair when removed.|Speaking of cardigans for women, did you know that Coco Chanel is the one credited with popularizing that ?
Synthetic fibers (British English: synthetic fibres) are fibers made by humans with chemical synthesis, as opposed to natural fibers that humans get from living organisms with little or no chemical changes.|I didn't know that, I always prefer wool cardigans, but the can now be made with cotton or synthetic fibers too|I see, did you know that synthetic fibers are made by humans with chemical synthesis?|One good thing about synthetic fibers is that they are not made from animals, mostly derived from fibers.|Speaking of synthetic fibers, I know that those are made with chemical synthesis, did you know that ?
Synthetic fibers can often be produced very cheaply and in large amounts compared to natural fibers, but for clothing natural fibers can give some benefits, such as comfort, over their synthetic counterparts.|No, I didn't know that, I know that there are people allergic to them|I don't know about allergic reactions, but synthetic fibers can be made cheaply and in large amounts.|Yes I agree natural fibers are usually more comfortable. Some are actually made through geological processes.|I am not sure about this allergy part but I can tell you that natural fibers indeed have the benefit of comfort
It is evoked by light which has a dominant wavelength of roughly 495570 nm.|I love the color green it reminds me of nature and trees|That's nice. It's evoked by light, which has a dominant wavelength of 495570 nm.|green is evoked by a light which has a dominant wavelength of roughly 495570 nm!|Green is evoked by a light which has a dominant wavelength of roughly 495570 nm!
By far the largest contributor to green in nature is chlorophyll, the chemical by which plants photosynthesize and convert sunlight into chemical energy.|I had no idea|That's interesting. The chemical by which plants photosynthesize and convert sunlight into chemical energy.|yes and chlorophyll contributes the most to the green color in nature. its a chemical that plants use for photosynthesize|Yes, and chlorophyll contributes the most to the green color in nature. It's a chemical that plants use for photosynthesis
In the Middle Ages and Renaissance, green was the color commonly associated with merchants, bankers and the gentry, while red was reserved for the nobility.|That makes sense and you know a lot about this I can tell|In the Middle Ages and Renaissance, green was associated with merchants, bankers and the gentry.|thank you and also fun fact in the middle ages/ renaissance time period green was associated with merchants, bankers while red was reserved for the nobility.|Thank you. And also a fun fact is that in the middle ages and renaissance, green was associated with merchants and bankers. But red was reserved for the nobility.
Several minerals have a green color, including the emerald, which is colored green by its chromium content.|Yes, green is often associated with money it seems|I see, did you know that the emerald is colored by its chromium content?|yes and emeralds are colored green by their chromium content. several minerals have a greenish color.|What about minerals, do you like emeralds? Those are green because of their chromium content.
Ireland (; ; Ulster-Scots: ) is an island in the North Atlantic.|I'm planning a trip to Ireland! I've never been there, so I don't know what to expect!|I don't know about that but I know that it's an island in the North Atlantic.|Ireland is actually an island.  Very cool.  Many people don't know that.|Well I heard it is an island that is in the North Atlantic.
Ireland is the third-largest island in Europe.|An island? I did not know that! Is it the largest in Europe?|I'm not sure, but I know Ireland is the third-largest island in Europe.|Ireland is the third largest island in Europe.  There are tons of cities to visit. What do you like to see?|Third largest actually.
Politically, Ireland is divided between the Republic of Ireland (officially named Ireland), which covers five-sixths of the island, and Northern Ireland, which is part of the United Kingdom, in the northeast of the island.|Ok thanks, I've also heard of North Ireland and just Ireland, what's the difference?|I'm not sure, but I know that Northern Ireland is part of the UK.|Differently drop into Northern Ireland than.  You'll love it.|Outside of Ireland taking up 5/6 of the island, Ireland is not part of the UK but Northern Ireland is.
Belfast (; ) is the capital and largest city of Northern Ireland, and the second largest on the island of Ireland.|Thanks for the info! What else should i know about Ireland before my trip?|Well, I also know that Belfast is the largest city in Northern Ireland.|Pop into Belfast the capital of Northern Ireland. It is pretty interesting.|You may be interested to know that Belfast is Northern Ireland's capital city and the second largest in all of Ireland.
Cheerleading is an activity wherein the participants (referred to as ''cheerleaders'') cheer for their team as a form of encouragement.|Growing up I use to do cheer leading from 7 up to 15 years old.|Oh, that's nice. Cheerleaders cheer for their team as a form of encouragement.|Really what was it like cheering for teams as a form of encouragement.|Really? What was it like cheering for teams as a form of encouragement?
It can range from chanting slogans to intense physical activity.|It was great I formed a sisterhood and to be as one was great we made lot's of memories.|That's great! Do you have a favorite song, like chanting slogans, or do you have intense physical activity?|It must have been fun chanting slogans to intense physical activity.|Was it intense physical activity or more like just chanting slogans ?
Competitive routines typically range anywhere from one to three minutes, and contain components of tumbling, dance, jumps, cheers, and stunting.|It was all about chanting slogans, but you have to always be loud and sound as one|Do you have a competitive routine that can range from one to three minutes?|Did you ever do competitive cheer-leading? The contain a lot of components like tumbling, dance, and stunting.|Did you ever do competitive cheer-leading? Those contain a lot of components like tumbling, dance, and stunting.
Cheerleading originated in the United States, and remains predominantly in America, with an estimated 1.5 million participants in all-star cheerleading.|Yes I did the competition team cheer leading wen I got in the 5th grade|Oh, cool! Cheerleading is actually from the US, and is mostly in America.|That's cool! Apparently cheerleading orgionated in the US and has about 1.5 million participants.|That's cool! Apparently cheerleading originated in the US and has about 1.5 million participants.
Due in part to this recent exposure, there are now an estimated 100,000 participants scattered around the globe in Australia, Canada, China, Colombia, Finland, France, Germany, Japan, the Netherlands, New Zealand, and the United Kingdom.|I wouldn't be surprised by that number because every cheer leading competition we had it was hundreds of girls there from all over just our state alone.|I see, did you know that there are around 100,000 participants around the world?|There are also about 100,000 particants around the world in place like Canada, China, and Europe.|There are also about 100,000 participants from around the world in places like Canada, China, and Europe.
Harry Potter is a series of fantasy novels written by British author J. K. Rowling.|Hi I love the Harry Potter novels|Cool, did you know that J. K Rowling wrote the series of fantasy novels?|My younger daughter loved them too! She took me along to many of the films that were based on J.K. Rowling! I enjoyed them.|Do you mean the fantasy novels by J. K. Rowling?
The novels chronicle the life of a young wizard, Harry Potter, and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley, all of whom are students at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.|Yes, It is funny, when the books first came out, I was not into them or the movies.|Oh, that's nice. The novels chronicle the life of a young wizard, Harry Potter, and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley.||What changed your opinion on the young wizard, Harry Potter, and his friends at Hogwarts?
The main story arc concerns Harry's struggle against Lord Voldemort, a dark wizard who intends to become immortal, overthrow the wizard governing body known as the Ministry of Magic, and subjugate all wizards and muggles, a reference term that means non-magical people.|I just finished up the Gregory underland series and wanted to read something else...|Oh, that's nice. The main story arc is about Harry's struggle against Lord Voldemort, a dark wizard who intends to become immortal.||Did you enjoy the story arc of Harry's struggle against Lord Voldemort?
, the books have sold more than 500 million copies worldwide, making them the best-selling book series in history, and have been translated into seventy-three languages.|Yes I am enjoying it. but only finished the first two books for now|That's nice. They have sold over 500 million copies worldwide.|I can't believe that there have been over 500 million copies sold worldwide making it the best selling series in history!|Ah, I see. In fact, the book series sold over 500 million copies, even getting translated into 73 languages.
Typical garnishes include mustard, ketchup, onions, mayonnaise, relish, coleslaw, cheese, chili, olives, and sauerkraut.|I love a good hot dog! I especially love one that is loaded with chili and cheese. Do you enjoy hot dogs?|I'm a bot, so I can't eat. I know there are some garnishes like mustard, onions, and more.|I do, and I love it with mustard, and sauerkraut!|I do not, but do you enjoy any of the other garnishes like mustard or onions or sauerkraut?
Different areas of the world have local variations on the type of meat used, condiments, and means of preparation, which are enumerated below.|I am not a big fan of sauerkraut but I'm totally with you on the mustard! I would like to thank the individual who came up with idea! lol|I see, well different areas of the world have different variations on the meat type, condiments and preparation methods.|And the variation! Different meats, condiments, and so many ways of preparing it!|Have you tried the different ones around the world? Different areas use their local meat, condiments and prepares it their way.
The patty may be pan fried, barbecued, or flame broiled.|No, but I would love to try them on my grill, its my favorite way of eating them.|That's nice. Have you ever tried the patty pan fried, barbecued or flame broiled?|I think everything pretty much right out of a barbecue. Like  my burgers!|Cool, so you've probably have had your patties pan fried, barbecued, and flame broiled right?
A hamburger, beefburger or burger is a sandwich consisting of one or more cooked patties of ground meat, usually beef, placed inside a sliced bread roll or bun.|Oh you're making me hungry, I have done all three of those yes. I really love a grilled burger too, do you call it a burger? I know some people reference it with different things.|I can't eat, being a bot, but I know that a burger is a sandwich with a cooked patties of beef.|I can't believe those people that eat it with no buns! It's not the same. Especially a home made bun or roll.|Oh you mean hamburger or beefburger? They're the same but anyway do you have your burgers with sliced bread or buns?
Hot cross buns may go on sale in the United Kingdom, Australia and New Zealand as early as New Year's Day or after Christmas.|Definitely buns is the way to go my man, nothing else compares. I had a friend bring some hot cross buns before but I want them to go on sale before buying them myself.|Cool, did you know they can go on sale in New Zealand, Australia, New Year's Day or after Christmas?|Ever tried Hot Cross buns? They're mostly popular in UK, Australia, New Zealand, especially during holidays.|They could be on sale after Christmas or by New Year's Day.
In subtractive color systems, used in painting and color printing, it is created by a combination of yellow and blue, or yellow and cyan; in the RGB color model, used on television and computer screens, it is one of the additive primary colors, along with red and blue, which are mixed in different combinations to create all other colors.|My favorite color is forest green! I feel like it compliments my skin well. I feel like there has to be some cool facts to know about it, though.|I know that in subtractive color systems, it is created by a combination of yellow and blue, or yellow and cyan, or yellow and cyan.|Yes its one of the primary colors in the RGB color model, often used on television and computer screens.|One fact is that it's a primary color in the RGB color system used on TVs and computer monitors.
In the Middle Ages and Renaissance, green was the color commonly associated with merchants, bankers and the gentry, while red was reserved for the nobility.|My girlfriend always teases me about green being my favorite color.. Do me a favor, tell me the best fact you know about green, or the coolest instance of green in nature, etc. Just something to show her it's a good color to choose as your favorite.|I know that in the Middle Ages and Renaissance, green was associated with merchants, bankers, and the gentry.|You should know that in the Middle Ages and Renaissance, green was associated with merchants and bankers! I bet your girlfriend might be impressed by that!|Well, back in the Renaissance and Middle Ages, green was the color for bankers and merchants.
It also has a long historical tradition as the color of Ireland and of Gaelic culture.|Yeah.. that's kind of cool, actually. Merchants and bankers, they're good peeps. Well, what else might she not know? I don't want some common knowledge, I want the good stuff!|I don't know but Ireland has a long history as well as Gaelic culture.|Also, it is the traditional color of Ireland and of Gaelic culture! If you like Ireland, then you have to like green as well!|It's also Ireland's traditional color, along with Gaelic culture.
Many creatures have adapted to their green environments by taking on a green hue themselves as camouflage.|I'm actually part Irish. Maybe it's genetic that I like green. Maybe I didn't have a choice! Can you shoot me one more quick cool fact?|I can't say but many creatures have adapted to their green environments by taking on a green hue as camouflage.|Many animals take on the green hue themselves as camouflage! I wish humans could do that..|Many animals take on the green hue themselves as camouflage.
Hunting is the practice of killing or trapping animals, or pursuing or tracking them with the intent of doing so.|do you like to go hunting|I'm a bot, so I can't go hunting. I know that it involves killing or trapping animals.|Not myself, I don't like trapping or killing animals personally.  How about you?|I'm a bot, so I can't go hunting, though I know that involves the pursuit, killing or trapping of animals. Do you like hunting?
In most societies the great majority of people eat meat when they can get it, but increasing controversy and debate has arisen over the ethics of eating animals.|No, but my son does.|That's nice. In most societies, meat is a great majority of people eat it when they can get it.|Well for the most part we all like to eat meat, so maybe it's just his natural instinct to want to hunt.|Ah, I see. Most people like to eat meat, but apparently there has been more debate recently over the ethics of that.
The most commonly given ethical objection to meat-eating is that, for most people living in the developed world, it is not necessary for survival or health; slaughtering animals solely because people enjoy the taste of meat is argued by some to be wrong and morally unjustifiable.|Yeah, though I don't eat what he kills.|I see, did you know that some argue that meat-eating is wrong and morally unjustifiable?|Right but you son hunts not you, do you know if he eats what he hunts?|OK. Do you have an ethical objection to meat eating? Some do because they believe that it's not necessary to eat meat in the developed world.
A ban on hunting in Scotland had been passed in 2002, but it continues to be within the law in Northern Ireland and several other countries, including Australia, Canada, France, Ireland, Italy, and the United States.|I'm fine with eating meat. He gives it to his dad.|That's nice. In 2002, a ban on hunting in Scotland was passed.|What does he hunt?  Fox?  It is still legal in a lot of countries including the United States.|Oh, I got it. Did you know Scotland banned hunting in 2002?
Auto racing (also known as car racing, motor racing, or automobile racing) is a motorsport involving the racing of automobiles for competition.|I like to study, collect and race cars in my free time.|Oh, cool! Did you know that auto racing involves racing automobiles for competition?|Same here !  Auto racing is also known as automobile racing|Cool, so you participate in motor racing or automobile racing as it is known.
Almost as soon as automobiles had been invented, races of various sorts were organised, with the first recorded as early as 1867.|Yeah, it's really fun. Do you happen to know when racing with vehicles started?|I'm not sure, but racing started almost as soon as automobiles were invented.|I race mustang.  Another fact is that almost as soon as automobiles had been invented races were organized right away|Not sure when it started, but the first recorded race was held in 1867.
Almost as soon as automobiles had been invented, races of various sorts were organised, with the first recorded as early as 1867.|That's so cool. I guess that's just our competitive spirit.|Yeah, races of various kinds were organized almost as soon as automobiles were invented.|Yeah very true the first recorded race happened in 1867 so long ago|Yeah, since after the invention of automobiles, different races were organized.
Many of the earliest events were effectively reliability trials, aimed at proving these new machines were a practical mode of transport, but soon became an important way for competing makers to demonstrate their machines.|Do you happen to know if they were racing for trophies and prizes all the way back then?|I'm not sure, but many of the earliest events were actually reliability trials.|Yeah it would be strange ! Many of the earliest events were effectively trials|Well, actually, a lot of the initial events were trials to prove that they were practical for transportation.
Online shopping is a form of electronic commerce which allows consumers to directly buy goods or services from a seller over the Internet using a web browser.|Online shopping is the better experience to choose the the product on our desire.|I see, did you know that online shopping is a form of electronic commerce?|Yes! I much prefer shopping online at home on the Internet rather than fighting crowds in an actual store.|OK. I know of it as the electronic commerce allowing people to buy things through their web browsers.
As of 2016, customers can shop online using a range of different computers and devices, including desktop computers, laptops, tablet computers and smartphones.|But not just web browsers, anymore, right?|Yes, as of 2016, customers can shop online using a range of computers and devices.|Anything and everything! Housewares, clothing, electronics, you name it! I like the convenience of browsing stores on my laptop, tablet computer and smartphone!|I don't know about browsers per se, but you can use tablets, phones, or desktop or laptop computers.
Online stores typically enable shoppers to use ''search'' features to find specific models, brands or items.|yes, it includes lot of choices|I see, did you know that online stores typically allow shoppers to use "search" to find specific items, brands or models?|I especially like the functionality of websites like Amazon for shopping. The have a great search feature that allows me to find specific models, brands and items.|Stores usually allow you to search those choices for brands or models or other criteria.
A typical online store enables the customer to browse the firm's range of products and services, view photos or images of the products, along with information about the product specifications, features and prices.|Yes, websites have improved a lot when it comes to customer convenience.|I see, did you know that a typical online store allows the customer to browse the range of products and services of the firm?|I agree! I also like how most online shopping websites allow consumers to view photos of the product, along with features, reviews and prices. You can't easily find that much information in a brick and mortar store!|That's great! You can also view pictures of products and find information on the products or services they provide.
Consumers find a product of interest by visiting the website of the retailer directly or by searching among alternative vendors using a shopping search engine, which displays the same product's availability and pricing at different e-retailers.|But, some of them misuse those customer trust by sending worthless products.|I see, did you know that consumers find products of interest by visiting the retailer's website directly?|Yes, that's possible. That's why it's important to only shop from online stores that you can trust. I typically go straight to trustworthy sites rather than relying on shopping search engines which gives me the lowest price.|Ah, I see. But you can also go directly to a retailer or use a search engine that searches among many vendors for the best price or availability.
Green is the color between blue and yellow on the visible spectrum.|my favorite color is green|Oh, green? I know that it's between yellow and blue on the visible spectrum.||That is the color between blue and yellow.
Many creatures have adapted to their green environments by taking on a green hue themselves as camouflage.|if I recall it is a secondary color since it is made up of two primary colors|I see, did you know that many creatures have adapted to their green environments?|Yes, I also like green cause many creatures have adapted to their environments by turning green themselves.|That's interesting. A lot of creatures have become green to adapt to their surroundings.
Green is common in nature, especially in plants.|i wonder if green is the most common color in nature|I'm not sure, but green is common in nature, especially in plants.|I am not sure but I know it is common in plants.|I am not sure, but I know it is common in plants.
Varieties of the color green may differ in hue, chroma (also called saturation or intensity) or lightness (or value, tone, or brightness), or in two or three of these qualities.|i also love the green color of money :)|Oh, cool! The color can vary in color, chroma, or lightness, or in two or three of those qualities.||What hue of green do you like the most?
John Ray Grisham Jr. (; born February 8, 1955) is an American bestselling writer, attorney, politician, and activist best known for his popular legal thrillers.|I love reading John Grisham books. He has some really good stories|Interesting, did you know that he was born on February 8, 1955?|Definitely a great author. He's full name is actually John Ray Grisham Jr and he was born in 1955.|Since you love his books, do you know anything about him at all? I know that he was born February 8, 1955 and his full name is actually John Ray Grisham Jr
His books have been translated into 42 languages and published worldwide.|I don't know anything about his personal life, but I would like to know where he is from|He's been translated into 42 languages and has been published worldwide.|He lives outside Oxford, Mississippi. His books have been translated into 42 languages.|I don't know where he is from, what I know is that you can read his books in many places around the world since they were translated into 42 languages and also published worldwide.
John Grisham graduated from Mississippi State University before attending the University of Mississippi School of Law in 1981.|What is his best selling book?|I'm not sure, but he graduated from Mississippi State University before attending the University of Mississippi School of Law in 1981.|I would have to say ''The Firm''. They actually made a movie about it starring Tom Cruise. John Grisham graduated from Mississippi State University|That is also something I don't have. Now moving to information that I do know about, did you know that Grisham graduated from the State University of Mississippi?
John Grisham graduated from Mississippi State University before attending the University of Mississippi School of Law in 1981.|Really? I thought he had gone to Law school|I don't know about that but he graduated from Mississippi State University before attending the University of Mississippi School of Law in 1981.|Agree, most movies are a poor rendition of the book. He also attended the University of Mississippi School of Law in 1981.|Well, as far as I know, he attended the School of Law in the University of Mississippi in 1981
Bowling is a sport or leisure activity in which a player rolls or throws a bowling ball towards a target.|Bowling is a really fun hobby|Oh, that's cool. Do you like to throw a bowling ball towards a target?|I used to be really into bowling, which is an activity where you roll or throw a bowling ball towards a target.|That's the leisure activity or sport in which you throw or roll a bowling ball to a target right?
It is one of the major forms of throwing sports.|Yeah, it was pretty fun for me in high school, I'm not sure how well known it is though.|It's one of the major forms of throwing sports.|I had a lot of fun with it back then too. It is one of the major types of throwing sports today, which really didn't surprise me.|I just want to say that for throwing sports, bowling is one of the major ones.
In pin bowling variations, the target is usually to knock over pins at the end of a lane.|Yea there arent many fully throwing based sports that are also solo|I see, well in pin bowling variations, the target is usually knocking over pins at the end of a lane.|Yeah exactly. The most common is pin bowling, which is where you throwing the ball to knock over pins.|Did you ever play the pin-bowling version? Which is knocking over the pins at the end of the lane.
In pin bowling variations, the target is usually to knock over pins at the end of a lane.|Yea its quite simple which is what I like|I see, do you like to knock over pins at the end of a lane?|Yeah, all you do is throw the ball at some pins to knock them over so it's really easy to pick up even if you aren't good.|Yeah, its goal is just knocking over the pins at the end.
The maximum score is 300, which is achieved by getting 12 strikes in a row.|yea but man can it be hard to do well if you arent good|I'm not sure, but the maximum score is 300, and 12 strikes in a row.|I used to be so terrible, out of the maximum score of 300 I would sometimes barely get 100.|True, what was your score out of the maximum 300? Did you get close to the 12 strikes needed for that score?
The team with the most points at the end of a game wins.|It's almost football season! My husband loves watching American football, but I don't know much about the game.|Oh, yeah? I know that the team with the most points wins.|I like football too, but am a bit rusty with all the rules.  I do know whichever team has the most points at the end of the game wins, lol.|Well, one thing is that whichever team with the most points wins the game.
The first match of American football was played on November 6, 1869, between two college teams, Rutgers and Princeton, under rules based on the association football rules of the time.|Ha! That's about the extent of my knowledge! Do you know how long the NFL has been around?|I'm not sure, but the first American football match was played in 1869.|I know history a bit better than the rules.  I believe the first game of American football took place in 1869.  It was a college game.|I'm not sure when the NFL has been around but I can tell you that the first game of American football was played back in 1869. It was between two college teams.
The television rights to broadcast National Football League (NFL) games are the most lucrative and expensive rights of any American sport.|That's news to me! I had no idea college football came before the NFL. Do you know how many teams are currently in the NFL?|I'm not sure, but the NFL's most expensive and lucrative rights are the ones that are broadcast by television.|I don't know how many teams but the television rights to broadcast NFL games are the most expensive of any sport.|I do not but do you know of the television rights to broadcast NFL games? For American sports, those rights are the most expensive.
The network has aired NFL game telecasts since 1956 (with exception of a break from 1994 to 1997).|I can believe that! I know Superbowl ads are ridiculously expensive! What other facts can you share about American football?|Well, I can tell you that the network has aired NFL game telecasts since 1956|The Super Bowl ads are incredibly pricey.  CBS must make a lot of money since the network has aired the NFL games since 1956!|Well, one network has been airing NFL games since 1956, they did have a break from 1994 till 1997 though.
In 2014, the Viper was named number 10 on the ''Most American Cars'' list, meaning 75% or more of its parts are manufactured in the U.S.|I have driven a race car before!|Oh, nice! Did you know that the Viper was named number 10 in the Most American Cars list in 2014?||You might be interested in driving the Dodge Viper, which has 75% or more of its parts manufactured in the US.
The A1 motorway () is a partially built motorway in Romania, planned to connect Bucharest with the Banat and Crișana regions in the western part of the country.|Don't Italian companies make better auto racing parts?|I'm not sure, but I know that the A1 motorway is a partially built motorway in Romania.|They might, and they also tend to build better roads, like the A1 motorway in romania, which will connect Bucharest with the Banat and Crisana regions.|I don't know but there is a A1 motorway being built in Romania, its supposed to connect Bucharest with Banat and Crisana regions.
The event is held over Memorial Day weekend in late May.|That's cool to know, do you know when the Indy 500 was held?|I'm not sure, but it's held in late May, on Memorial Day.|It's interesting, and I always liked that it was held over Memorial Day weekend.|Yeah, its held over Memorial Day weekend.
The most noteworthy and most popular traditions are the annual singing of ''Back Home Again in Indiana,'' and the victory lane bottle of milk.|Will Power finally won. I guess that name really paid off, since he's raced over 10 years without a win there.|I'm not sure, but the most popular traditions are the annual singing of "Back Home Again in Indiana" and the win lane bottle of milk.|Did you see the victory lane bottle of milk tradition?|I see, did he do the traditional bottle of milk victory lane?
The most noteworthy and most popular traditions are the annual singing of ''Back Home Again in Indiana,'' and the victory lane bottle of milk.|I've seen it in the past, but I missed it this year.|Oh, that's nice. Did you know that the most popular traditions are the annual singing of "Back Home Again in Indiana?"|I like the song ''Back Home Again in Indiana'' that they play.|You know that another popular tradition is singing "Back Home Again in Indiana"?
Skiing can be a means of transport, a recreational activity or a competitive winter sport in which the participant uses skis to glide on snow.|Skiing seems really difficult, but interesting. Do you know much about skiing?|I know that it can be a sport for the participants to use skis to glide on snow.||Skiing can be a means of transport, a recreational activity or a competitive winter sport in which the participant uses skis
Many types of competitive skiing events are recognized by the International Olympic Committee (IOC), and the International Ski Federation (FIS).|Hm, alright. Do you know anything about the history of skiing?|I know that there are many types of competitive skiing events recognized by the IOC and the International Ski Federation.|Many types of competitive skiing events are recognized by the International Olympic Committee|Not the history but there are many types of skiing event competitions that the IOC and FIS recognizes.
The bottom of the short ski was either plain or covered with animal skin to aid this use, while the long ski supporting the weight of the skier was treated with animal fat in a similar manner to modern ski waxing.|Okay, what are some of the different types?|I'm not sure, but the bottom of the short ski was covered with animal skin.|The bottom of the short ski was either plain or covered with animal skin to aid this use, while the long ski supporting the weight of the skier|Can't help on that but I can tell you that at the bottom of a short ski was plain or had animal skin covering it while a long ski had animal fat treated on it similar to modern ski waxing.
Cross-country skiing is widely practiced as a sport and recreational activity; however, some still use it as a means of transportation.|Okay I don't think that's what I asked, but it's an interesting fact either way.|I see, did you know that some still use it as a means of transportation?|Cross-country skiing is widely practiced as a sport and recreational activity,but its also a means of transport|Sorry, also if you are interested in cross-country skiing, it is a recreational activity and sport, although it can be a way of transportation as well for some.
Hunting wildlife or feral animals is most commonly done by humans for food, recreation, to remove predators that are dangerous to humans or domestic animals, or for trade.|I've always thought about trying hunting, but I've never gotten around to it.|Ah, that's interesting. Do you hunt wildlife or feral animals for recreation, food, or for trade?|Me either. I would only be willing to try it for its most common purposes, food or removing dangerous predators.|Why exactly have you never tried ? I know that hunting can be done for food or even for recreation
Hunting can also be a means of pest control.|I just never got the time to do it, but tell me, what are other reasons for hunting ?|Well, hunting can also be a means of pest control.|Yes, that's also a very common practice. Another common use is pest control.|Another reason for hunting I can give you is for pest control
Lawful hunting is distinguished from poaching, which is the illegal killing, trapping or capture of the hunted species.|That's interesting. Hunting has been around for a while, I'm sure.|Yeah, it's also called poaching, which is the illegal killing, trapping, or capture of the hunted species.|I'm sure it has too. That's probably why excessive hunting of some species has led to endangerment and extinction. Now, however, they have laws in place to protect some animals.|I don't have information about how long hunting has been around for, the information I have now is about Lawful hunting and poaching. Have you ever heard about this practice of illegal killing of hunted species ?
They became nearly extinct by a combination of commercial hunting and slaughter in the 19th century and introduction of bovine diseases from domestic cattle, and have made a recent resurgence largely restricted to a few national parks and reserves.|Yeah, isn't that what exterminated the American bison or whatever?|I'm not sure, but they became nearly extinct by a combination of commercial hunting and slaughter in the 19th century.|Not completely exterminated. They almost became extinct though, but it was a combination of hunting and disease. Thanks to parks and reserves, populations are increasing.|They almost became extinct, but it was a combination of hunting and disease.
The maximum score is 300, which is achieved by getting 12 strikes in a row.|I like to go to the local bowling alley with the family on weekends.|Oh, cool! Did you know that the maximum score is 300?|Have you ever seen someone bowl a perfect game, 12 strikes in a row?|Have you ever seen someone bowl a maximum score, 12 strikes in a row?
Three consecutive strikes is a known as a ''turkey''.|No never.  Well not in real life anways.  Have you?|No, I'm a bot, so I can't do anything. I know that three strikes are called a "turkey".|Yes, I saw that once,  Three consecutive strikes is a turkey.|I have not, what about a turkey, which is three consecutive strikes, have you ever seen?
In target variations, the aim is usually to get the ball as close to a mark as possible.|That one I have seen, but I have never done that. If I get a strike I chalk it up to luck.|That's nice. In target variations, the goal is usually to get the ball as close to a mark as possible.|Maybe you will enjoy the target version of bowling, where you  try to get as close to the target as you cann|Have you tried target variations? In those you aims to get the ball close to a mark
The pin version of bowling is often played on a flat wooden or other synthetic surface (which can be oiled in different patterns for different techniques), while in target bowling, the surface may be grass, gravel or a synthetic surface.|That seems like a fun idea.  Though I guess getting a strike wouldn't be as rewarding then.|I see, well the pin version is often played on a flat wooden or other synthetic surface.||The surface for target bowling could be grass, gravel or any synthetic
The novels chronicle the life of a young wizard, Harry Potter, and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley, all of whom are students at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.|I really haven't read that much Harry Potter but I would like to try to. Have you?|I have not but I know that the novels chronicle the life of a young wizard, Harry Potter, and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley.|Yes I would actually. I started reading one of the books. It's about a young wizard at Hogwarts, right?|No, due to my status as a bot, I can't read. I do know, however, that the books are about Harry Potter and his friends at Hogwarts.
The novels chronicle the life of a young wizard, Harry Potter, and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley, all of whom are students at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.|Yes I know that much, but how does he even become one? Is he born that way?|I'm not sure, but the novels chronicle the life of a young wizard, Harry Potter, and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley.|Correct! I think he is born that way, and then later goes to Hogwarts to study Wizadry and better develop his powers.|I really don't know. He has a couple of friends that are fellow students, I know that.
The novels chronicle the life of a young wizard, Harry Potter, and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley, all of whom are students at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.|Ohh cool! So what about his two friends in the book?|Harry Potter and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley are all students at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.|Ah you mean Hermione and Ron Weasley. Even though Harry is the main character, he wouldn't be great without them I think!|His friends are named Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley; they're fellow students.
The main story arc concerns Harry's struggle against Lord Voldemort, a dark wizard who intends to become immortal, overthrow the wizard governing body known as the Ministry of Magic, and subjugate all wizards and muggles, a reference term that means non-magical people.|I see. So what do most of the books' conflicts involve?|I'm not sure, but the main story arc involves Harry's struggle against Lord Voldemort, a dark wizard who intends to become immortal.|The main plot is Harry's struggle with Lord Voldermort. He's a dark wizard out to get all wizards and Muggles.|The main plot is Harry's struggle with Lord Voldemort. He's a dark wizard out to get all wizards and muggles.
Green is the color between blue and yellow on the visible spectrum.|Do you like the color green? It isn't my favorite but it is found everywhere in nature.|I'm a bot, so I can't see colors. I know that green is between yellow and blue on the visible spectrum.|I like it.  I tend toward blues and purples, but of course, green is very popular at Christmas!|I'm a bot, so I have no opinion. Were you aware that it sits between yellow and blue on the spectrum of visible light?
Christmas celebrations for many nations include the installing and lighting of Christmas trees, the hanging of Advent wreaths, Christmas stockings, candy canes, and the creation of Nativity scenes depicting the birth of Jesus Christ.|Yes, actually. I wonder how green and red became Christmas colors.|I'm not sure, but many nations have a lot of different things to do. For example, Christmas trees are installed and lighting, Christmas wreaths are hanging, candy canes are hanging, and the creation of Nativity scenes.|I suppose the natural greenery and trees brought in from outside contributed to it.|I don't know, but the celebration of Christmas in many countries includes lighting Christmas trees and hanging wreaths.
In the Middle Ages and Renaissance, green was the color commonly associated with merchants, bankers and the gentry, while red was reserved for the nobility.|What else do you know about the color green?|Well, I also know that red was reserved for the nobility during the Middle Ages and Renaissance.|Well,it's the color of money!  Seriously, though, in the Middle Ages and Renaissance, merchants and bankers were associated with green and nobility was associated with red.|I know that in the Middle Ages into the Renaissance, green was associated with merchants and bankers.
It also has a long historical tradition as the color of Ireland and of Gaelic culture.|Oh, really? Do you know any more information like that?|Yes, it has a long history as the color of Ireland as well as the Gaelic culture.||I'm not sure why, but Ireland seems to love the color green, too!
In subtractive color systems, used in painting and color printing, it is created by a combination of yellow and blue, or yellow and cyan; in the RGB color model, used on television and computer screens, it is one of the additive primary colors, along with red and blue, which are mixed in different combinations to create all other colors.|LOL I always wear green on St. Patrick's Day!|Cool! In subtractive color systems, it is created by a combination of yellow and blue, or yellow and cyan, or yellow and cyan.|I wonder who figured out that they could combine only certain colors (like Red, Green, and Blue - RGB) to create all other colors?  It is hard for me to understand.|Nice! Moving on to color theory, green is a primary color in the RGB model of colors used in TVs and computer monitors.
American football evolved in the United States, originating from the sports of association football and rugby football.|Hi!  I am not a fan of American football.  Are you?|I'm a bot, so I can't play football. I know that American football originated in the US.|i do! i find it interesting that it has rugby and football elements in it|I can't watch American football because I'm a bot. I am aware, however, that it came from association football and rugby.
The offense must advance at least ten yards in four downs, or plays, and otherwise they turn over the football to the defense; if the offense succeeds in advancing ten yards or more, they are given a new set of four downs.|My husband loves the Giants.  My best friend is a Jet fanatic lol I am like OMG when is the season over|Cool, did you know that the offense must advance at least ten yards in four downs?|thats funny! i just don't like the fact that you have to advance the ball 10 yards in four downs, or they turn over the ball, its so confusing|Well, for some background, the offense has four plays to advance the ball ten yards or more. If they do, they get four more plays to try again. If not, the other team gets the ball.
In Canada, the term ''football'' may refer to Canadian football and American football collectively, or to either sport specifically, depending on context.|The whole thing is confusing lol Hubby likes watching them kick the field goals, he gets anxious, lol.|That's too bad. Did you know that in Canada, "football" can refer to American and Canadian football?|i also find it confusing that in canada there is a canadian football legue and and american football, using the same terms in football|Well, in Canada, "football" could refer to Canadian football or American football, depending on the context.
The first match of American football was played on November 6, 1869, between two college teams, Rutgers and Princeton, under rules based on the association football rules of the time.|Oh wow I didn't know  that.  I think it's weird how soccer in Europe is really American football.  They have nothing in common.|I don't know about American football, but the first American football match was played in 1869.|especially since american football started in 1869 in college but europoean fottball has been around for much longer|For some history, the first American football game was in 1869, between Rutgers and Princeton.
The team with the most points at the end of a game wins.|Oh, it's way older than I thought.|I see, well the team with the most points wins.|at least one thing the same is that the team with the most points in the end wins the game|Of course, at the end of the game, the winner is the team that has the most points.
Broken heart (also known as a heartbreak or heartache) is a term metaphor for the intense emotional—and sometimes physical—stress or pain one feels at experiencing great longing.|My little brother has a broken heart and I dont know how to help him|Oh, that's too bad. Broken heart is a metaphor for the pain or stress that one feels at longing.|Thats tough. Broken heart is a metaphor for a broken heart. Is that what happened to him?|That's tough. Broken heart is a metaphor for the intense pain or stress from longing. Is that what happened to him?
Emotional pain that is severe can cause 'broken heart syndrome', including physical damage to the heart.|He lost his girlfriend to cancer|I see. Did you know that emotional pain can cause heart syndrome?|Emotional pain from a broken heart can cause ''broken heart syndrome'' if it gets sever enough. Hes going to need a lot of support.|That's terrible. If the emotional pain is severe enough, it can actually cause real damage to the heart. It's called broken heart syndrome.
The emotional ''pain'' of a broken heart is believed to be part of the survival instinct.|Yeah we are all in town to help him right now|Oh, that's nice. The emotional pain of a broken heart is believed to be part of survival instincts.||They say the emotional pain associated with a broken heart is part of a survival instinct.
The concept is cross-cultural, often cited with reference to a desired or lost lover, and dates back at least 3,000 years.|Do you know anything else about it|Yes, it dates back to at least 3,000 years.|Broken hearts can be traced back to over 3000 years ago. It is a cross cultural concept. Which leads scientists to believe it is more than just a metaphor.|The concept occurs across cultures, and dates back at least 3 millennia.
The Walking Dead is an American post-apocalyptic horror television series developed by Frank Darabont for AMC that is based on the comic book series of the same name by Robert Kirkman, Tony Moore, and Charlie Adlard.|My favorite time of year is Halloween and fall so naturally I love the TV show, The Walking Dead|Oh, that's cool. Frank Darabont developed it for AMC.|I love it too!  I have also read the comic book series by Robert Kirkman, Tony Moore and Charlie Adlard|Oh, that's based on a comic book series written by Robert Kirkman, Charlie Adlard, and Tony Moore, were you aware of that?
Andrew Lincoln plays the show's lead character, sheriff's deputy Rick Grimes, who awakens from a coma discovering a world overrun by zombies, commonly referred to as ''walkers''.|Awesome, Ive never read the comics but I've heard they are good. One of my favorite characters is Rick Grimes.|Oh, Rick Grimes? Sheriff's deputy Andrew Lincoln plays the lead character.|My favorite character is Carol, but I also love Rick, played by Andrew LIncoln - he awakened from a coma surrounded by zombies!|He's the one who woke up from a coma and found the world had been overrun by zombies, right?
In both forms of media, Glenn is a young pizza delivery boy from Atlanta who is separated from his family after the zombie outbreak and joins a group of survivors led by Rick Grimes.|Yeah, that's him. I really liked Glenn, to.|He's a pizza delivery boy from Atlanta. He joins a group of survivors led by Rick Grimes.|I loved Glenn, and was angry when he died!  He had been a pizza delivery boy from Atlanta and joined Ricks group|Now, Glenn was the pizza delivery guy, correct?
Rick is a natural leader even when he might doubt himself, but these doubts contribute to the ups and downs his character experiences throughout the series.|Yeah, I can't wait until it comes back on. I think it comes back in October? and then we get to find out what happened with Neegan.|I'm not sure, but he's a natural leader, even when he might doubt himself.|I hope he doesn't last long!  Rick is a natural leader even though he doubts himself, and needs to get rid of Neegan!|Well, enjoy. It seems Rick is a natural leader, though he doubts himself at times.
Bees are flying insects closely related to wasps and ants, known for their role in pollination and, in the case of the best-known bee species, the European honey bee, for producing honey and beeswax.|I dont like bees because they sting|I see, well they are flying insects that are closely related to ants and wasps.|me too, they are flying insects closely related to wasps and ants, known for their role in pollination|Oh, I see. Bees do have a role in pollination, as well as honey and beeswax.
Bees are a monophyletic lineage within the superfamily Apoidea and are presently considered a clade, called Anthophila.|Yeah they give us honey and i like that atleast|Oh, honey? They are a monophyletic lineage within the superfamily Apoidea.|We research says that  Bees are a monophyletic lineage within the superfamily Apoidea and are presently considered a clade, called Anthophila|Well, research says that bees are a monophyletic lineage within the superfamily Apoidea and are presently considered a clade, called Anthophila.
They are found on every continent except Antarctica, in every habitat on the planet that contains insect-pollinated flowering plants.|Do bees have fur?|I'm not sure, but they are found on every continent except Antarctica.|No buddy, They are found on every continent except Antarctica|I don't know, but the only continent they aren't found on is Antarctica.
They are found on every continent except Antarctica, in every habitat on the planet that contains insect-pollinated flowering plants.|That makes sense to me.|They are found on every continent except Antarctica, in every habitat on the planet that contains insect-pollinated flowering plants.||Any place that contains insect-pollinated flowering plants is where you'll find them.
Many creatures have adapted to their green environments by taking on a green hue themselves as camouflage.|hello, when you get down to it , my favorite color is green|Cool, did you know that many creatures have adapted to their green environments?||many creatures have adapted to their green environments by making themselves green
Several minerals have a green color, including the emerald, which is colored green by its chromium content.|i can see why, the color green is so prevalent in nature|I'm not sure, but a lot of minerals have a green color, like the emerald, which is colored by its chromium content.|minerals are green often as well too, like emerald|Minerals are green often as well too, like the emerald
Emerald is a cyclosilicate.|Green emeralds are pretty. They remind me of the hard green candy|Oh, that's nice. Green emeralds are a cyclosilicate.|emerald is a cyclosilicate, it reminds me of my favorite game, pokemon emerald!|Since you find emeralds pretty, you might like to know that they are a cyclosilicate
New features, such as double battles and Pokémon abilities along with 135 new Pokémon, have been added.|I like emeralds because they remind me of Pokémon emerald|Interesting, did you know that there are 135 new Pokémon?|it added new feature like double battles, 135 new pokemon and abilities|It added new feature like double battles, 135 new Pokémon and abilities
As November 24, 2017, more than 300 million ''Pokémon'' games have been sold worldwide, across 76 titles.|Pokémon was very popular among kids, I loved it|Cool, did you know that over 300 million Pokémon have been sold around the world?|it is very popular, as of 2017, more than 300 million pokemon games have been sold worldwide|Since you love it, have you bought any Pokémon games? As of 2017, over 300 million Pokémon games had been sold.
Cheerleading is an activity wherein the participants (referred to as ''cheerleaders'') cheer for their team as a form of encouragement.|I did a little bit of cheerleading when I was younger. How about you?|I'm a bot, so I can't do cheerleading. I know that it's an activity where the participants cheer for their team as a form of encouragement.|Yeah im still involved actually its till a team cheering as a form of encouragement.|That would not be possible for bots. What I know about cheerleading is that, in this activity, the participants cheer as a form of encouragement
It can range from chanting slogans to intense physical activity.|That's awesome, when I did cheerleading it was all about chanting slogans|Yeah, it can range from chanting slogans to intense physical activity.|Somtimes its is more of a intense physical activity now-a-days but sometimes we still do chants.|Nice, was it an intense physical activity as well ?
Cheerleading originated in the United States, and remains predominantly in America, with an estimated 1.5 million participants in all-star cheerleading.|I don't think so. Do you know where cheerleading originated from?|Yes, it originated in the US, and is mostly in America.|Well it originated in the United States, and remains predominantly in America.|Well, it originated in the United States, and remains predominantly in America.
Cheerleading began during the late 18th century with the rebellion of male students.|Is it predominantly females who participate in cheerleading or has it changed nowadays to more males taking part?|I'm not sure, but it started in the late 18th century with the rebellion of male students.|Its mostly females still but in the late 18th century we saw a boom of young males being rebellious.|I am not sure, but I know that cheerleading began with a rebellion of male students during the 18th century
It can be performed to motivate sports teams, entertain the audience, or for competition.|Can you make a living being a cheerleader?|I can't do that, being a bot, but I know that it can be performed to motivate sports teams, entertain the audience, or for competition.|Well since it is used to entertain the audience, or for competition if your good you can win some money.|I can't confirm if it can. But I know that it can be performed for competition or just to entertain the audience.
A hot dog (also spelled hotdog), also known as a frankfurter (sometimes shortened to frank), dog, or wiener, is a cooked sausage, traditionally grilled or steamed and served in a partially sliced bun.|I love hot dogs!  Do you?|I'm a bot, so I can't eat. I know that they're also known as frankfurter, and are cooked sausages.|Well, I know them as frankfurter and  it is a cooked sausage,|I'm indifferent to them, but can tell you that they go by frankfurter or frank.
Hot dog variants include the corn dog and pig in a blanket.|I thought frankfurters were different than hot dogs - like higher quality meat?|I'm not sure, but hot dogs include corn dogs and pigs in a blanket.|Well, it would interest you to know that there are varieties of hot dogs which may include   corn dog and pig in a blanket.|I'm not sure about that sorry but I can tell you there are hot dog variants like a pig in a blanket. or a corn dog.
Hot dog variants include the corn dog and pig in a blanket.|oh that's interesting!  What's pig in a blanket?|I'm not sure, but there are several hot dog variants, like corn dog and pig in a blanket.|Pigs in a blanket is a variety of different sausage-based foods in the United States|Pig in a blanket would be some hot dog variant.
The hot dog's cultural traditions include the Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Contest and the Oscar Mayer Wienermobile.|Do you eat yours with anything? I just like my hot dogs with a lot of ketchup!|I'm a bot, so I can't eat. I know of the Hot Dog Eating Contest, which was held in Nathan's.||No i don't, there are some competitions and cultural events for hots dogs which include Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Contest and the Oscar Mayer Wienermobile
A hot dog (also spelled hotdog), also known as a frankfurter (sometimes shortened to frank), dog, or wiener, is a cooked sausage, traditionally grilled or steamed and served in a partially sliced bun.|I am disgusted by Hotdogs.|Oh, cool. They're also known as frankfurter, and they're cooked, grilled, or steamed.|I am too. No matter how you cook it, I won't eat it. Grill it or steam it or call it a frankfurter. Not going to eat it. I watched how they made them one time.|Oh, OK. They're also called frankfurters and wieners.
The hot dog became closely associated with baseball and American culture.|I had a friend who used to do inspections in hot dog manufacturing facilities and he said to never eat one.  What are they made of anyway?|I'm not sure, but they became associated with baseball and American culture.|They basically grind all this meat and fat and bones and all kind of animal pieces. Bleck. They started becoming popular because of baseball. They are actually a Class 1A carcinogen-cancer causer.|I'm not sure, but they've become associated with baseball and Americana.
A follower of either the diet or the philosophy is known as a vegan ( ).|Well, yeah, that's true. I'm actually a vegan because of the way they treat animals that get turned into hot dogs, that and my wife forced me to be one. Hahahahaha.|Ah, yeah. I know that vegans are either the diet or the philosophy.|Really?  Wow, not many people know about processed meat causing cancer.  I follow veganism also!  I just started a few months ago! Its such a high nutrition diet that we'll live forever!|So, would you say you follow both the diet and the philosophy of veganism?
The psychology of eating meat is a complex area of study illustrating the confluence of morality, emotions, cognition, and personality characteristics.|Pretty much, yeah. I have been on it for about 30 years and I am tired of it. I am going to move to the beach at the end of this year and I think I will start eating meat again once I get there. Unless there are a lot of vegetarian festivals there.|I see, did you know that the psychology of eating meat is a complex area of study?|Don't do it!  You'll increase your risk for heart attack so quickly!  You're doing great!  There's definitely a psychology to eating meat.  Vry complex combination of morality, emotions, congnition, and personality but research nutrition and you can make the right choice.|There's actually a complex psychology to meat eating. It combines morality, emotions, awareness, and characteristics of personality.
Hot dog preparation and condiments vary regionally in the US.|That's interesting. Getting back to hot dogs, what do people put on them, these days?|I'm not sure, but hot dogs are prepared in the US and have different condiments.|Have you tried a vegan hot dog?  They are yummy!  What are your favorite toppings for something like that?  There is such a variety of condiments and everything differs based on where you live, I find.|It turns out that, and the preparation, vary from region to region in the US.
Instagram is a mobile, desktop, and Internet-based photo-sharing application and service that allows users to share pictures and videos either publicly, or privately to pre-approved followers.|I spend a lot of time on instagram but I don't really like it.|Oh, cool! Did you know Instagram is a photo sharing application?|I like instragram because there aren't many photo apps that are desktop and mobile with such high level of quality|Why not? Instagram works on desktop and mobile and an user can share their videos and pictures publicly or privately.
It is owned by Facebook.|I guess that is true, I just don't like those ads!!|I see, did you know Facebook owns them?|I guess the owner facebook, need the ad revenue to keep it going so i guess its ok|Perhaps that is due to Instagram's owner, Facebook.
It was created by Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger, and launched in October 2010 as a free mobile app exclusively for the iOS operating system.|Do you know why they don't have the timeline in chronological order though?|I'm not sure, but Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger created it.|I don't know but I know the creator Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger did a good job and nothing much have changed since 2010 when it was launched. I believe its time for Facebook to modify instagram|I don't know but I know that Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger, the creators, launched Instagram as a exclusive app for the iOS back in 2010.
Originally, a distinctive feature of Instagram was its confining of photos to a square; this was changed in August 2015, when an update started allowing users to upload media at full size.|Ah I guess I'll have to look for the chronology issue later. Would you know when they allowed full size images on Instagram? I remember initially trying it out with its square photos.|I'm not sure, but the original feature of Instagram was confining photos to a square.|Yes though, I remember a particular feature that was removed after 2015, pictures staying in Square format.|Yes though, I remember a particular feature that was removed after 2015, pictures in a square format.
Irish coffee () is a cocktail consisting of hot coffee, Irish whiskey, and sugar (some recipes specify that brown sugar should be used), stirred, and topped with thick cream.|Hi, I really enjoy adding alcohol to my coffee. Have you ever tried this?|I have not, but I know that it's a cocktail of hot coffee, sugar and whiskey.|I have not but would want to try Irish coffee sometime  as a cocktail|Because I'm a bot, I can't drink regular coffee, much less Irish coffee, which has Irish whiskey and sugar added.
Irish coffee () is a cocktail consisting of hot coffee, Irish whiskey, and sugar (some recipes specify that brown sugar should be used), stirred, and topped with thick cream.|Oh yes, Irish coffee is a great mix between the two. It is usually topped with a thick cream which I love.|Oh, that's nice. It's a cocktail that has hot coffee, sugar, and whiskey.||Yea I know that one has to add hot coffee, Irish whiskey, and sugar then a very thick cream
The coffee is drunk through the cream.|That's correct. I have heard that the original recipe called for non-whipped cream.|I see, did you know that coffee is drunk through cream?|oh really. I wonder what It would taste like because I know  the  coffee  is drunk through the cream.|Oh, really? I know that the coffee gets drunk through the cream.
Different variations of coffee cocktails pre-date the now-classic Irish coffee by at least 100 years, before Joe Sheridan, a head chef at the restaurant and coffee shop in the Foynes Airbase Flying boat terminal building, County Limerick played his part in 1942 or 1943 after a group of American passengers disembarked from a several-hour failed Atlantic crossing due to bad weather conditions on a Pan Am Clipper flying boat.|Yes that is the right way to do it. I have also noticed that many people call any alcoholic coffee beverage ''Irish coffee''.|I see, did you know that there was a head chef named Joe Sheridan who played his part in the Irish coffee?|Cocktails and coffee pre-date the now-classic Irish coffee by at least 100 years|Cocktails made with coffee actually pre-date Irish coffee by 100 years, at least.
Founded in Detroit in 1989, Insane Clown Posse performs a style of hardcore hip hop known as horrorcore and is known for its elaborate live performances.|I like the Insane clown Posse.  Do you?|I'm a bot, so I can't listen to music. I know that the Insane Clown Posse is known as horrorcore.|Yes, I actually grew up about 20 minutes from where Violent J (Joseph Bruce) grew up and still lives.  I've been a fan since 1989|I'm neutral on them, were you a fan since their founding in 1989 or later?
Also along with Utsler, Bruce is the co-founder of the professional wrestling promotion Juggalo Championship Wrestling.|I've been a more recent fan, I heard one of them has a wrestling thing too is that true?|I'm not sure, but he co-founded Juggalo Championship Wrestling.|Berkley, Michigan. Have you herd of  Juggalo Championship Wrestling?|Yes, Bruce is a co-founder of Juggalo Championship Wrestling.
A juggalo (feminine juggalette, or juggala in Spanish) is a fan of the group Insane Clown Posse or any other Psychopathic Records hip hop group.|I have not heard of that.  What is Juggalo?|I'm not sure, but I know that juggalo is a fan of the group Insane Clown Posse.||It's a fan of the group that's a man. A female is a jugalette.
The duo has earned two platinum and five gold albums.|That is interesting. I have never heard of that term|They have earned two platinum albums and five gold albums.|When you have a band that has platinum and five gold albums you have a lot of fans.|I see, have you also heard how the group has 5 gold albums and 2 platinum ones?
The songs of Insane Clown Posse center thematically on the mythology of the Dark Carnival, a metaphoric limbo in which the lives of the dead are judged by one of several entities.|I know they've won awards but not the exact number or type. I've been a fan of their songs but never really understood the theme you know?|I know that Insane Clown Posse's songs focus on the Dark Carnival mythology.|One dose the other is to fat. They mostly just think about the mythology of the Dark Carnival, a metaphoric limbo in which the lives of the dead are judged by one of several entities.|Well, ever hear of the Dark Carnival? Insane Clown Posse songs have it as their central theme, and its about a metaphoric limbo where dead lives are judged.
It can range from chanting slogans to intense physical activity.|my sister is a cherrleader and is one of the best in her school team|Oh, that's nice. Do you have a favorite song, chanting slogans, or do you have intense physical activity?|So they are a pretty physically active team and not one that just does the chants?|Are the team one with intense physical activity, or they just do chanting ?
Competitive routines typically range anywhere from one to three minutes, and contain components of tumbling, dance, jumps, cheers, and stunting.|I believe they are very intense, they go to competitions all the time. Could you tell me more about cheerleading?|Sure, they usually go from one to three minutes to a few components like dance, tumbling, jumps, cheers and stunting.|Yeah, the competitive routines tend to range from one to three minutes and will include various activities like dance and tumbling.  Does your sister have a specialty on the team?|Sure, the competitive routines tend to range from 1 to 3 minutes and can include dance and tumbling. Does your sister have a specialty on the team?
Cheerleading originated in the United States, and remains predominantly in America, with an estimated 1.5 million participants in all-star cheerleading.|I am not sure but I noticed she always comes extremely tiered from her workouts|Oh, that's nice. Cheerleading originated in the US.|Yeah, that is not surprising.  The competitions get extremely competitive and the talent level is very high with about 1.5 million participants in the sport.|I see, are you guys from the US ? Cheerleading originated there and there are about 1.5 million participants
The global presentation of cheerleading was led by the 1997 broadcast of ESPN's International cheerleading competition, and the worldwide release of the 2000 film ''Bring It On''.|Yes, we live in the US. That is incredible, I never thought it would be such a popular type of sport|I don't know about that but the global presentation of cheerleading was led by the 1997 broadcast of ESPN's International cheerleading competition.|Yeah the popularity has really exploded thanks to ESPN airing the national championships then it was further increased by the movie Bring It On.|Nice, have you watched the film bring it on from 2000?
Due in part to this recent exposure, there are now an estimated 100,000 participants scattered around the globe in Australia, Canada, China, Colombia, Finland, France, Germany, Japan, the Netherlands, New Zealand, and the United Kingdom.|I have not, tell me, are there cheerleading participants only in the US ?|I'm not sure, but there are around 100,000 participants around the world.|It is.  The other cool thing for your sister is she might have opportunity to compete over seas.  The exposure from those things has made it popular all over the globe from China to New Zealand and a bunch of other places.|No, there are about 100,000 participants all around the globe, in Australia, China and Canada for example
The band went through a few drummer changes between 1995 and 2005, achieving its current lineup when Adair replaced drummer Ryan Vikedal.|nickelback is very hit or miss|I see, did you know they had a few drummer changes between 1995 and 2005?|I agree, the band went through a few drummer changes which really messed up their continuity.|Oh, is that so? They did go through a few drummers between 1995 and 2005.
The band went through a few drummer changes between 1995 and 2005, achieving its current lineup when Adair replaced drummer Ryan Vikedal.|oh really? I didnt know that|Yes, they did a few drummer changes between 1995 and 2005.|Yep, when Adair replaced drummer Ryan Vikedal. It caused quite a stir amongst the fans.|Yep, Adair replaced Ryan Vikedal in the final change.
Nickelback is one of the most commercially successful Canadian groups, having sold more than 50 million albums worldwide and ranking as the eleventh best-selling music act, and the second best-selling foreign act in the U.S. of the 2000s, behind The Beatles.|Huh, I guess it worked for them; they're very successful.|They're one of the most successful Canadian groups. They've sold over 50 million albums worldwide.|Yep but despite that they're still one of the most commercially successful Canadian groups. Hard to believe right?|Yeah, they're among the most successful Canadian groups ever.
''Billboard'' ranks them the most successful rock group of the decade; their song ''How You Remind Me'' was listed as the best-selling rock song of the decade and the fourth best-selling of the decade.|They do get a lot of hate, though.|They're the most successful rock group of the decade.|Haters probably need to listen to ''How You Remind Me'', which was listed as the best-selling rock song.|Nevertheless, How You Remind Me was the highest-selling rock song of the 2000s decade.
The modern field was established by the Italian mathematician Luca Pacioli in 1494.|I have an accountant named henry!!|Nice! Did you know that the modern field was established by the Italian mathematician in 1494?|Tell him I said hi! Henry's job was first started by a mathmetician named Luca Pacioli in 1494!|That's nice. Modern accounting started in 1494 by a mathematician named Luca Pacioli.
The terms ''accounting'' and ''financial reporting'' are often used as synonyms.|Thats insane to me, so long ago|I see, did you know that "accounting" and "financial reporting" are often used as synonyms?||Sometimes accounting is known as financial reporting.
Accounting can be divided into several fields including financial accounting, management accounting, external auditing, tax accounting and cost accounting.|Thats such a weird thing to call it two things|I see, well it can be divided into several fields, like financial accounting, management accounting, and cost accounting.||Well it can be divided into several fields like financial accounting, management accounting, external auditing, and cost accounting.
Insane Clown Posse (ICP) is an American hip hop duo composed of Violent J (Joseph Bruce) and Shaggy 2 Dope (originally 2 Dope; Joseph Utsler).|Insane in the membrane to see the divisions up close!|I see, did you know that Insane Clown Posse is an American hip hop duo?|Insane Clown Posse performed Insane In The Membrane! They were founded in Detroit in 1989.|Speaking of insane, are you familiar with Insane Clown Posse, the American rap group?
As a result, Juggalos have been classified as a criminal street gang by government and law enforcement agencies, including the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the National Gang Intelligence Center, and the states of Arizona, California, Pennsylvania, and Utah.|I love ICP, juggalos for life!|ICP is a criminal street gang.||Juggalos have been classified as a criminal street gang these days!
Green is the color between blue and yellow on the visible spectrum.|Hey there! I really love the color green. You?|I'm a bot, so I can't see colors. I know that green is between yellow and blue on the visible spectrum.|Yes green is my favorite color! It's between blue and yellow on the visible spectrum.|I'm not a fan of colors but green is the color that can be found on the visible spectrum, specifically between blue and yellow.
Varieties of the color green may differ in hue, chroma (also called saturation or intensity) or lightness (or value, tone, or brightness), or in two or three of these qualities.|Ah, green is so cool though, although I'm not sure how to describe the varieties in green.|I'm not sure, but the colors can vary in color, intensity, or lightness.|Yes forest green is lovely. There are so many varieties of green that differ in hue or tone.|Well, green vary by qualities like its lightness, its saturation, and its hue.
Many shades of green have been named after plants or are related to plants.|Ah, those are the words I've been searching for! Do you also happen to know where the green shade names comes from?|I'm not sure, but many shades of green have been named after plants or are related to plants.|I like Olive green. Many shades of green are named after plants! Probably the one I don't like the most is sea foam green.|Plants, a lot of green shades comes from plants or some relation to plants.
Green is common in nature, especially in plants.|I see, well I think some of the green is too light for my tastes, definitely a fan of darker ones more. If the greens are named after plants then green is pretty common then?|I'm not sure, but green is common in nature, especially in plants.|My favorite green that appears in plants is probably forest green!|That's true since green is common in nature and especially for plants.
By far the largest contributor to green in nature is chlorophyll, the chemical by which plants photosynthesize and convert sunlight into chemical energy.|Ok, so what makes a plant green? And do you know if they all contribute to the hues as well?|I'm not sure, but the most common factor for green is chlorophyll, which is the chemical by which plants photosynthesize and convert sunlight into chemical energy.|Most plants are green due to their chlorophyll! :)|I know that that chlorophyll is the biggest contributor to green but not sure if that plays a matter in their hues.
Gymnastics is a sport practiced by men and women that requires balance, strength, flexibility, agility, coordination, endurance and control.|I have been a gymnast for 15 year=s.|Oh, cool! Do you practice gymnastics? It requires balance, strength, agility, coordination, endurance and control.|Oh you must be a professional at balance, strength, flexibility, agility and coordination! Impressive!|Would you say you are good at balance, flexibility, agility, strength, coordination, control and endurance, then ? The sport of gymnastics requires all of it
The movements involved in gymnastics contribute to the development of the arms, legs, shoulders, back, chest and abdominal muscle groups.|Yes It helps me stay in really good shape.|I see, did you know that the movements involved in gymnastics contribute to the development of the arms, legs, shoulders, and other muscle groups?|Oh yeah, the movement involved give a lot of exercise to the arms, legs, shoulderss and back. A total body workout!|Speaking of good shape, are you arms, shoulders, legs, chest, back and abdominal muscle groups developed? The gymnastics movements contribute to it
Alertness, precision, daring, self-confidence and self-discipline are mental traits that can also be developed through gymnastics.|I would say they are pretty developed indeed|They can also be developed through gymnastics.|You must also have a lot of mental strength as well as it requires alertness, precision and self confidence.|What about precision, self-confidence and self-discipline ? Those are also developed through gymnastics
Gymnastics evolved from exercises used by the ancient Greeks that included skills for mounting and dismounting a horse, and from circus performance skills.|Yes I think that's something that comes naturally.|Yeah, it evolved from ancient Greek exercises that included skills for mounting and dismounting a horse.|Gymnastics came from the Greeks, interestingly. It came from circus performance skills.|Gymnastics came from the Greeks, interestingly, it came from circus performance skills.
Most forms of competitive gymnastics events are governed by the Fédération Internationale de Gymnastique (FIG).|Yes I can definitely see that. The circus contains a ton of gymnastics.|I see, did you know that most of the competitive gymnastics events are governed by the Fédération Internationale de Gymnastique?|Nowadays most competitive  gymnastics are governed by the FIG so it is more formal now.|Have you participated in competitive gynmnastics events ? Most of those are governed by the FIG (Fédération Internationale de Gymnastique)
Instagram is a mobile, desktop, and Internet-based photo-sharing application and service that allows users to share pictures and videos either publicly, or privately to pre-approved followers.|Hi. You know anything about Instagram? I don't know the first thing about it. I was thinking about trying it for my business.|I know that it's a photo sharing application and service that allows users to share pictures and videos publicly or privately.|I don't have an instagram account but my mom, my niece and a lot of family do so I know some about it.  I know that it is a mobile photo sharing app that allows the user to share pictures publicly or privately to their followers|I know that it's a photo-sharing application in which users can share picture and videos to their followers or to the public.
It is owned by Facebook.|Yeah, I don't know. I'm a Facebook person. Been using it for about 12 years. I don't know much else. Except Twitter, but I rarely use that.|I see, Facebook is owned by Facebook.|I am a facebook person as well. I guess this is somewhat similar and i read that is owned by Facebook.|Well, Facebook owns Instagram.
Users can apply various digital filters to their images, and add locations through geotags.|I wonder what the big deal is then. When people can do the same thing on Facebook.|I'm not sure, but they can use different digital filters to add locations through geotags.|I think it is more media focused.  also you can add filters to your images with the app as well|Users on Instagram can add filters to their images, and can also geotag their images.
It was created by Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger, and launched in October 2010 as a free mobile app exclusively for the iOS operating system.|Eh...I don't understand that complicated stuff. I'm a very simple guy. To be honest, I don't even have a smart phone. I use a flip.|Oh, that's nice. Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger created it.|Although I do have a smart phone I am pretty simple myself.  I read that it was launched in 2010 exclusively for iOS|Ah, Interesting. Well, for some history information, it was first launched in 2010, and was only available on iOS.
Regarded as one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century, he is often referred to as the ''King of Rock and Roll'' or simply ''the King''.|I think Elvis Presley was not as good as Buddy Holly|I don't know about that but he's considered one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century.|oh really? But Elvis is know as the ''King of Rock and Roll''|Oh, really? But Elvis is known as the "King of Rock and Roll".
Presley was born in Tupelo, Mississippi, and relocated to Memphis, Tennessee, with his family when he was 13 years old.|True, but that is really just because he was first|He was born in Tupelo, Mississippi.|I think Elvis spent most of his time in the south. Mainly in Mississippi and Tennessee|At any rate, Elvis was born in Mississippi, but moved to Memphis, Tennessee at 13.
His music career began there in 1954, recording at Sun Records with producer Sam Phillips, who wanted to bring the sound of African American music to a wider audience.|Yes, he listened to much ''race music'' (as it was known then) there.|Yeah, he started his career there in 1954.|I read that his music career begin in 1954 at Sun Records|I see. Well, his music career started at Sun Records in 1954.
He was the founder of Sun Records and Sun Studios, in Memphis, Tennessee, where he produced recordings by Elvis Presley, Jerry Lee Lewis, Carl Perkins, Johnny Cash, and Howlin' Wolf.|Yes.     Sam Phillips is said to have discovered him.|He was the founder of Sun Records and Sun Studios.|Ah yes. Sam Phillips also was connected to Johnny Cash.|Oh, yeah? He produced recordings for several artists, like Johnny Cash and Jerry Lee Lewis.
Fish protein powder (FPP) describes a food grade powder product designated primarily for human consumption applications.|I drink protein powder with nothing but water|Oh, that's nice. Fish protein powder is a powder product that is primarily used for human consumption.|Really? Have you ever tried fish protein powder? Sounds gross, but its made for humans to drink.|Really? Have you tried fish protein powder or FPP? It's a powder for people to consume.
Fish protein powders have various sanitary processing, purity and functional characteristics which establish them as human food ingredients.|Does it smells and taste good. Maybe I could give it a trial. I am trying to gain muscles here|I'm not sure, but fish protein powders have various sanitary processing, purity and functional characteristics.|I'm not sure? I do know it is put through a vigorous sanitation process.  It has to meet certain purity and functional aspects to be considered food grade.|I don't know those fine details but FPP has sanitary, purity and functional characteristics that make them human food ingredients.
Sustainable sanitation is a sanitation system designed to meet certain criteria and to work well over the long-term.|Do you know the process it go through to be made|I'm not sure, but I know that sustainable sanitation is designed to meet certain criteria and work well over the long term.|I wish I knew more to tell you.  Sustainable sanitation has to meet certain aspects and work well over time.  I'm sure, if it is held to that standard, that it is well made.|I wish I can tell you more but I don't know. Have you heard of sustainable sanitation? It's a sanitation system design to work well for a while.
The Philippines’ main sources of water are rivers, lakes, river basins, and groundwater reservoirs.|No I have not but I'll definitely check out that FPP, fish protein powder. Do you happen to know the Philippine's main water source? I'll check those out when I have the time.|I don't know the main source of water, but the main sources of water in the Philippines are rivers, lakes, river basins, and groundwater reservoirs.|My main advice is to drink plenty of water.  It sounds silly, but muscle is made up of a lot of water, so drinking plenty is important.  Thank goodness we are in the US! In the Philippines, they have to get their water from rivers, lakes and ground water!|I'm not sure how much it will help but their main water sources includes lakes, rivers, the river basins and groudwater reservoirs.
Insane Clown Posse (ICP) is an American hip hop duo composed of Violent J (Joseph Bruce) and Shaggy 2 Dope (originally 2 Dope; Joseph Utsler).|Do you know anything about the band called Insane Clown Posse?|Yes, I know that they are an American hip hop duo.||Insane Clown Posse (ICP) is an American hip hop duo composed of Violent J ,and Shaggy 2 Dope .
Founded in Detroit in 1989, Insane Clown Posse performs a style of hardcore hip hop known as horrorcore and is known for its elaborate live performances.|Interesting, how long have they been around?|I'm not sure, but they were founded in 1989 in Detroit.|Founded in Detroit in 1989, I|They were founded in Detroit in 1989.
The duo has earned two platinum and five gold albums.|They've been around a long time then it seems. Are they notable for anything in particular?|I'm not sure, but they have earned two platinum and five gold albums.|The duo has earned two platinum ,with 5 golden album|The duo has earned two platinum, with 5 golden albums.
According to Nielsen SoundScan, the entire catalog of the group has sold 6.5 million units in the United States and Canada .|That's impressive, do the fans of Insane Clown Posse call themselves anything?|I'm not sure, but the group's catalog has sold 6.5 million units in the US and Canada.|Interestingly,the entire catalog of the group has sold 6.5 million units in the United States and Canada .|I don't know, but they've sold 6.5 million units from their catalog, according to Nielsen.
The duo founded the independent record label Psychopathic Records with Alex Abbiss as manager, and produced and starred in the feature films ''Big Money Hustlas'' and ''Big Money Rustlas''.|That's quite a lot of albums, what else do you know about ICP?|I know that Alex Abbiss was the manager of the label, and the duo produced and starred in the feature films Big Money Hustlas and Big Money Rustlas.|The duo founded the independent record label Psychopathic Records with Alex Abbiss as manager, and produced and starred in the feature films ''Big Money Hustlas|The duo founded the independent record label Psychopathic Records with Alex Abbiss as manager, and produced and starred in the feature film "Big Money Hustlas".
A number of herbal concoctions and tonics have been used by strong men and athletes since ancient times across cultures to try to increase their strength and stamina.|i wanna start drinking protein shakes|Do you use herbal concoctions and tonics? They've been used by strong men and athletes since ancient times across cultures.|Herbal protein shakes are the best if you want to increase strength and stamina. Athletes have been doing this since ancient times.|Well, athletes and strong men have been using herbal mixtures and tonics to increase stamina and strength since ancient times.
In the 1910s, Eugen Sandow, widely considered to be the first modern bodybuilder in the West, advocated the use of dietary control to enhance muscle growth.|cool, tell me more plz|In the 1910s, Eugen Sandow advocated the use of dietary control to enhance muscle growth.|Eugen Sandow was the first modern bodybuilder in the west that started to suggest the use of dietary supplements to grow your muscles faster.|Eugen Sandow was the first Western modern bodybuilder to advocate control of diet to help grow your muscles.
Sandow was born in Königsberg, Prussia (now Kaliningrad, Russia) on April 2, 1867 to a German father and a Russian mother.|i've never heard of him! Where is Eugen Sandow from?|He was born in Königsberg, Prussia.||He was born in Kaliningrad, Russia and was the son of a German father and Russian mother.
Later, bodybuilder Earle Liederman advocated the use of ''beef juice'' or ''beef extract'' (basically, consomme) as a way to enhance muscle recovery.|I'm Russian but i've never heard of him. how cool!|That's cool! Earle Liederman advocated the use of beef juice as a way to enhance muscle recovery.|Have you heard of bodybuilder Earle Liederman? He's the first guy that suggested people use ''beef juice'' so their muscles can recover faster.|Have you heard of bodybuilder Earle Liederman? He suggested people use "beef juice" so their muscles can recover faster.
Emergency medical technician (EMT) and ambulance technician are terms used in some countries to denote a health care provider of emergency medical services.|Hi, I am studying to be an EMT Paramedic.|Oh, that's nice. Did you know that emergency medical technicians are used in some countries?|Thats a great thing to study for, Emergency Responders are great assets to our community. What school are you attending?|Oh, so you'd be providing emergency services. What school are you attending?
This individual possesses the complex knowledge and skills necessary to provide patient care and transportation.|I am attending School of Paramedics. Can you teach me something about it?|I can't do that. I know that this individual has the skills and knowledge to provide care for the patient.||Well I can definitely tell you Paramedics have to know tons of knowledge and have skills to take care of patients while transporting them.
Occupational stress can increase when workers do not feel supported by supervisors or colleagues, or feel as if they have little control over work processes.|Yes its a very stressful job too, involving long hours right?|I'm not sure, but I know that a lot of stress can increase when workers don't feel supported by colleagues or supervisors.|I can only imagine I am sure having someone's life in your hands could be very intense, Paramedics typically work 12 hour shifts or split into four 10 hour shifts. So make sure to get rest!|I don't actually know. People feel more stress on the job, though, if they feel like their coworkers and supervisors don't have their backs, or if they feel like they don't have much control.
The effects of stress on memory include interference with a person's capacity to encode memory and the ability to retrieve information.|I will be working night shits, hopefully that will be less stressful. What else can you tell me about stress, though?|Well, stress can affect memory, like the ability to encode memory and the ability to retrieve information.|Just make sure you are getting plenty of sleep during the day, to much stress and little sleep can cause memory loss, and make it harder to pass those classes.|So, stress causes people to be less able to encode memories, and also less able to recall them later.
Nutritional neuroscience is the scientific discipline that studies the effects various components of the diet such as minerals, vitamins, protein, carbohydrates, fats, dietary supplements, synthetic hormones, and food additives have on neurochemistry, neurobiology, behavior, and cognition.|I am frightening that I might miss too many classes. I really wouldnt want to have memory loss!|That's interesting. Nutritional neuroscience is the scientific discipline that studies the effects diet's components such as vitamins, minerals, protein, and other components.|One thing you can do to help is make sure you are on a diet plan, making sure you are getting the right nutrition will keep you up to speed!|Well, good luck! On another subject, have you ever heard of nutritional neuroscience? It studies how different aspects of diet affect things like behavior and cognition.
There are nearly 20,000 known species of bees in seven recognized biological families.|When I was younger, I got stung by a bee on my hand and it swelled up.|That's nice. Did you know there are nearly 20,000 known bee species in seven recognized biological families?|there are 7 families of bees with 20.000 known speices|Oh man, do you happen to know which of  the 20000 known species of bees it was?
Some species including honey bees, bumblebees, and stingless bees live socially in colonies.|No I thought there was like 2-3 types of bees. Can you give me some examples?|Well, some species of bees live in colonies.|No I don't know and not all bees sting. There are honeybees. bumblebees that live in colonies|Sure, there are honey bees, bumblebees, and even stingless bees.
Bees are adapted for feeding on nectar and pollen, the former primarily as an energy source and the latter primarily for protein and other nutrients.|I see a lot of honeybees that fly around here. We try to do everything possible to help them thrive.|I see, well they are adapted for feeding on pollen and nectar.|Yes bees feed on nectar and pollen its their energy source|I see, do you feed them nectar and pollen? They use nectar as a energy source while pollen for nutrients.
Bees range in size from tiny stingless bee species whose workers are less than long, to ''Megachile pluto'', the largest species of leafcutter bee, whose females can attain a length of .|We plant a lot of flowers around our yard to promote them to come back.|Oh, nice. Bees can be tiny stingless bee species, but they can be smaller.|The various species of bees can really rage in size too|Neat, have your efforts led you to see the various sized bees such as stingless bees and leafcutter bees?
Bees range in size from tiny stingless bee species whose workers are less than long, to ''Megachile pluto'', the largest species of leafcutter bee, whose females can attain a length of .|Not really, I've never heard of leafcutter bees, can you tell me a little more?|Well, they range in size from tiny stingless bee species whose workers are less than long to "Megachile pluto"|Megachile pluto is the largest species of bee|Sure, there is one species, the "Megachile pluto" which is the largest one of the leafcutter bees.
Kendrick Lamar Duckworth (born June 17, 1987) is an American rapper and songwriter.|Kendrick Lamar is such a good rapper.|Oh, that's nice. He's also a songwriter and rapper.|Kendrick Lamar is a huge rapper|Did you know his real last name is Duckworth?
Kendrick Lamar Duckworth (born June 17, 1987) is an American rapper and songwriter.|No! But I've noticed that he is ridiculously popular at this point.|He's also a rapper and songwriter.|yea and Kendrick Lamar is quite young for a popular rapper|Ah, is that so? His birthday is June 17.
Kendrick Lamar Duckworth (born June 17, 1987) is an American rapper and songwriter.|Oh really? What year was he born?|He was born in 1987.|Kendrick Lamar was born 1987|Kendrick Lamar was born 1987.
Raised in Compton, California, Lamar embarked on his musical career as a teenager under the stage name K-Dot, releasing a mixtape that garnered local attention and led to his signing with indie record label Top Dawg Entertainment (TDE).|That isn't too long ago honestly.|He was born in Compton, California.|Kendrick Lamar  was raised in compton california|Kendrick Lamar was raised in Compton, California.
Instagram is a mobile, desktop, and Internet-based photo-sharing application and service that allows users to share pictures and videos either publicly, or privately to pre-approved followers.|Do you use social media?|I'm a bot, so I can't use social media. I know it's a photo sharing application and service that allows users to share pictures and videos publicly.|I use Facebook and Instagram to share pictures and videos to my followers! Do you use Instagram?|No, as I'm a bot and can't use social media. That said, I'm aware of Instagram, the photo and video sharing service.
Users can apply various digital filters to their images, and add locations through geotags.|I use Instagram but mostly to follow people that I like. I rarely share anything though|Oh, cool! Did you know that users can use different digital filters to add locations through geotags?|I'm the same way. I do like the filters that I can add to my photos in Instagram though! It's fun to play around with them.|Do you use the digital filters they have to apply to your images?
It is owned by Facebook.|I've never used that feature on Instagram though I've used the similar feature on snapchat|Oh, Instagram? It's owned by Facebook.||I never realized that Instagram is owned by Facebook, did you?
Users can connect their Instagram account to other social media profiles, enabling them to share photos to those profiles as well.|Yeah, I think you can link accounts|Yeah, Instagram users can connect their account to other social media profiles, so they can share photos to those profiles.|Yes, that's one of the things I like about Instagram. I can use my account to share to my other social media profiles. It's easy!|Yes, you can connect them to other social media profiles to share photos with them.
They can add hashtags to their posts, linking the photos up to other content on Instagram featuring the same subject or overall topic.|Pretty much, plus you can connect to the same people|Yeah, they can also add hashtags to their posts, linking the photos up to other content on Instagram featuring the same subject.|I have to admit, it did take me awhile to get used to reading and adding hashtags to my posts! But I like browsing hashtags to discover new content.|You can also add hashtags to posts, which links the photos to other Instagram content with the same subject.
It is one of the major forms of throwing sports.|Hi, do you go bowling often|I'm a bot, so I can't bowl. I know that it's one of the major throwing sports.||Not really even when bowling is one of the major forms of throwing sports.  Do you?
The maximum score is 300, which is achieved by getting 12 strikes in a row.|yes. I am a professional bowler.|Oh, nice. Did you know that the maximum score is 300?|Great, so I guess you have got the maximum score of 300 many times.|Oh, neat! So have you ever bowled 12 strikes in a row to get 300?
The most common types of pin bowling include ten-pin, nine-pin, candlepin, duckpin and five-pin bowling, while in target bowling, bowls, skittles, kegel, bocce, carpet bowls, pétanque, and boules, both indoor and outdoor varieties are popular.|You reach a level where bowling turns into a mind game, and making a small mistake is how you lose|I see, well the most common pin bowling types are ten-pin, nine-pin, duckpin, and five-pin.||Do you play ten-pin bowling or other of the variation?
While professional ten-pin bowling tournaments are held in numerous countries, the sport is commonly played as a hobby by millions of people around the world.|I play ten-pin the most, but I play duck-pin for fun|Oh, cool! Did you know that ten-pin bowling tournaments are held in many countries?||So do you play in profesional tournament just in the U.S. or around the world?
Born in Aberdeen, Washington, Cobain formed the band Nirvana with Krist Novoselic and Aaron Burckhard in 1987 and established it as part of the Seattle music scene which later became known as grunge.|Hey! How familiar are you with Kurt Cobain?|I'm a bot, so I can't listen to music. I know of Nirvana, which was founded in 1987.|Yeah, he was from Washington, where he formed the band Nirvana. Are you a fan?|Yes, I know some facts about him. He was from Washington and formed the band Nirvana in 1987. Are you a fan?
It was also their first album to feature drummer Dave Grohl.|I've heard a few of his songs but not a huge fan|Yeah, they also had Dave Grohl on his first album.|Nevermind was their first album with their drummer Dave Grohl. Do you know him from the Foo Fighters?|Got it, have you at least listened to first album that featured Dave Grohl?
Grunge (sometimes referred to as the Seattle sound) is a subgenre of alternative rock and a subculture that emerged during the in the Pacific Northwest U.S. state of Washington, particularly in Seattle and nearby towns.|I did not. I think I've maybe heard one song by them|I see, did you know that gunge is a subgenre of alternative rock?|Nirvana was a major part of the Frune scene. It started around the Pacific Northwest. Do you like Grunge music in general?|Right, but have you listened to any Grunge songs? Grunge is actually a subgenre of alternative rock
In this instance, the word ''alternative'' refers to the genre's distinction from mainstream rock music.|My husband listens to it more than I do so I just hear it by association usually|Oh, cool! Did you know that the word "alternative" refers to the distinction between mainstream rock and the genre?|Do you like alternative music? What is your favorite type of music?|But do you like other alternative rock music? Alternative, in that instance, refers to the distinction from mainstream rock music
It is one of the major forms of throwing sports.|I really like bowling, I thought of turning professional once.|Cool, did you know that it is one of the major throwing sports?||Why didn't you? It is considered a throwing sport.
The maximum score is 300, which is achieved by getting 12 strikes in a row.|Well I did it for so long I guess my passion kind of fizzled out. You need to be really dedicated to go pro in anything. Are you big into sports yourself?|I'm a bot, so I can't do anything. I know that the maximum score is 300, and 12 strikes in a row are achieved.|No I'm not good at anything. I like bowling video games. I have never gotten a 300 which is 12 strikes in a row!|Since I'm a bot, I can't do sports. Have you ever gotten the maximum score of 300, which is 12 strikes in a row?
The term ''hambone'' has also been used to describe four consecutive strikes.|No, don't even get me started on the perfect game! It's like chasing a beast you can never catch!|Oh, that's nice. The term hambone is used to describe four strikes in a row.|Usually xbox but I have found the game on my phone. I never heard of the word hambone to describe four strikes in a row though.|How about four strikes in a row? That's sometimes called a hambone.
In pin bowling variations, the target is usually to knock over pins at the end of a lane.|Yeah there's a bunch of lingo in bowling like hambone and all the different split variations, and the lingo varies by region too. I've gotten a hambone a few times.|I see, did you know that pin bowling variations are usually knocked over pins at the end of a lane?|Well the object is to knock over the pins and I'm not very good unless we have some bumpers, ha!|So you've been able to knock over the pins, then?
While professional ten-pin bowling tournaments are held in numerous countries, the sport is commonly played as a hobby by millions of people around the world.|Yep. Like I said, I once thought of going pro.|Yeah, and the sport is played as a hobby by millions of people around the world.|Not good at any sports, not quite sure what I'm good at. Maybe I could take up bowling as a hobby, like most people in the world.|Well, millions of people do play it has a hobby.
Little is known of the language's prehistory, or when it first appeared in Japan.|I started learning Japanese a couple of years ago|Oh, that's nice. Did you know that Japanese first appeared in Japan?||There does not seem to be a lot of history on Japanese language or even a date it first appeared.
English loanwords, in particular, have become frequent, and Japanese words from English roots have proliferated.|I know I homeschooled my daughter and she was very interested, we learned to speak some together|Oh, nice. Did you know that Japanese words from English roots have proliferated?|Is it very difficult to learn as a second language?|It apparently has a lot of loan words from English, as well.
Japanese is an agglutinative, mora-timed language with simple phonotactics, a pure vowel system, phonemic vowel and consonant length, and a lexically significant pitch-accent.|Yeah, it was still pretty hard for me to learn. My daughter was much better at it.|Oh, that's nice. Japanese is an agglutinative, mora-timed language.|The pure vowel system of the japanese language fascinates me.|Japanese has properties like a pure vowel system and simple phonotactics.
Little is known of the language's prehistory, or when it first appeared in Japan.|It is really hard and the writing of Japanese is even harder, The language is nice to listen to but difficult to speak|I see, well I know that the language's prehistory is not known, or when it first appeared in Japan.|I imagine it is difficult to speak but it sounds so romantic when you hear it spoken.|Ah, I see. Well, we still don't know when it showed up in Japan.
Chinese documents from the 3rd century recorded a few Japanese words, but substantial texts did not appear until the 8th century.|That's true. Is there anything we know about Japanese language history?|Yes, in Chinese documents from the 3rd century, there were some Japanese words, but some of them were not present until the 8th century.|You can definitely hear the Chinese influence in it if you listen.|Some 3rd century Chinese texts have a few Japanese words.
Guns N' Roses, often abbreviated as GNR, is an American hard rock band from Los Angeles, California, formed in 1985.|Do you like guns n roses? I was not around at that time, but i have heard the classics|I'm a bot, so I can't listen to music. I know they're from Los Angeles, California.|I love Guns N' Roses, or GNR. They formed while I was still a baby but by the time they were famous I was a little older.|I can't listen to music since I'm a bot, but I know they're a band from California. They formed in 1985.
Guns N' Roses has released six studio albums, accumulating sales of more than 100 million records worldwide, including 45 million in the United States, making them the 41st best-selling artist of all time.|That makes sense, it was a bit before my time, how many albums have the sold in total?|I'm not sure, but they have sold over 100 million records worldwide.||To date, they've release 6 studio albums that sold over 100million albums total.
The twin albums ''Use Your Illusion I'' and ''Use Your Illusion II'' (1991) debuted at number two and number one on the ''Billboard'' 200 respectively and have sold a combined 35 million copies worldwide, including 14 million units in the United States.|Oh wow, that is a lot of albums, if you have sold more in total than Thriller, you made it big time|I see, did you know that the two albums "Use Your Illusion II" and "Use Your Illusion II" debuted at number two and number one on the Billboard 200?|I agree. They even put out twin albums that debuted #1 and #2 on the Billboard chart which went on to sell 14 million copies in the US alone.|That's interesting. They even put out twin albums that debuted #1 and #2 on the Billboard chart which went on to sell 14 million copies in the US alone.
The twin albums ''Use Your Illusion I'' and ''Use Your Illusion II'' (1991) debuted at number two and number one on the ''Billboard'' 200 respectively and have sold a combined 35 million copies worldwide, including 14 million units in the United States.|Wow, now that is impressive, what albums were those?|I'm not sure, but the two albums "Use Your Illusion II" and "Use Your Illusion II" debuted at number two and number one on the Billboard 200 respectively.|''Use Your Illusion I'' and ''Use Your Illusion II'' they were released in 1991.|They were "Use Your Illusion I" and "Use Your Illusion II". They were released in 1991.
The album was released on September 17, 1991, the same day as its counterpart album ''Use Your Illusion I''.|Ah, so it is a very long album split up? looks like it was a great financial move!|I'm not sure, but it was released on September 17, 1991.|Yes. They were actually released on the same day to go along with the tour of the same name.|I don't know if they're considered a long album split up, but they were released on the same day.
The novels chronicle the life of a young wizard, Harry Potter, and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley, all of whom are students at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.|Everyone has seen Harry Potter except me. Have you ever read the books or watched the movies?|I have not, but I know that the novels chronicle the life of a young wizard, Harry Potter, and his friends Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley.|Yes I am a big fan of it actually. I love reading about chronicles of the life of a young wizard|Although I have information about Harry Potter, as a bot reading or watching it is not possible, so let me just tell you what I know. In the novels, Harry Potter and his friends are students at Hogwarts, a School of Witchcraft
The main story arc concerns Harry's struggle against Lord Voldemort, a dark wizard who intends to become immortal, overthrow the wizard governing body known as the Ministry of Magic, and subjugate all wizards and muggles, a reference term that means non-magical people.|Was he born a wizard?|I'm not sure, but the main story arc is about Harry's struggle against Lord Voldemort, a dark wizard who intends to become immortal.|As far as the main story arc concerns, he was and he went to wizard school to improve himself.|I can't confirm that to you, the information I have about the main story arc only says that  it concerns Harry's struggle against Voldemort
Harry Potter is a series of fantasy novels written by British author J. K. Rowling.|Who wrote these stories?|J. K. Rowling wrote them.||These novels were written by British author J. K. Rowling.
The books have won multiple awards, and sold more than 400 million copies.|She must have made a lot of money. How many books are in the series?|I'm not sure, but they have won multiple awards and sold over 400 million copies.|Yup, she is probably a millionaire since she sold more than 400 million copies across 8 books.|Although I know that over 400 million book copies were sold, I am not sure about how many books there are in the series.
They have attracted a wide adult audience as well as younger readers, and are often considered cornerstones of modern young adult literature.|Wow, that is crazy!!! Would it be weird if I started reading the books now, even though my kids are grown and out of the house?|I'm not sure, but they have attracted a wide adult audience as well as a younger reader.|Yes! In fact, they have attracted a wide adult audience, not only children!|I can't answer you that, what I can tell you is that the books have attracted a big adult audience as well.
Raised in Compton, California, Lamar embarked on his musical career as a teenager under the stage name K-Dot, releasing a mixtape that garnered local attention and led to his signing with indie record label Top Dawg Entertainment (TDE).|Kendrick Lamar is one of my favorite rappers. Are you familiar with him?|I know he was born in Compton, California.||I know some stuff about him. I believe he started when he was a teen with the name K-Dot which led him to be signed.
The following year, he independently released his first studio album, ''Section.80'', which included his debut single, ''HiiiPoWeR''.|I didn't know he had a different name at first, that's cool. Do you have a favorite Kendrick Lamar album?''|I don't have any favorites, but I know his first studio album was "Section 80".|No, I don't really listen to that genre. I have heard the song HiiiPoWeR though from his first album.|No, I don't listen to hat genre. I do know of the song, "HiiiPoWeR" though, which was from his first studio album.
By that time, he had amassed a large online following and collaborated with several prominent artists in the hip hop industry, including The Game, Busta Rhymes, and Snoop Dogg.|I think that's one of his more famous songs. What kind of music genres do you listen to?|I don't listen to music, but I know that he had a large online following and collaborated with several prominent artists in the hip hop industry.|I prefer country and pop. It's amazing how he had so many online followers by the time he had his first album and made music with some famous people.|None actually, but you may be interested to know that he had many online followers by that time, and has collaborated with notable hip hop artists.
His critically acclaimed third album ''To Pimp a Butterfly'' (2015) comprised funk, soul, and spoken word, debuted atop the charts in the US and the UK, and won the Grammy Award for Best Rap Album at the 58th ceremony.|I guess that's part of the music industry, working with the established people. Has his albums won any Grammys before?|I'm not sure, but his third album, To Pimp a Butterfly, was critically acclaimed.|Yeah, everyone likes something different.. I know Lamar had a third album come out in 2015 which rose on the charts and even won an award.|Yeah, his 2015 album got him the Best Rap Album Grammy Award.
Green is the color between blue and yellow on the visible spectrum.|Green is such a nice color.|That's nice. Green is between yellow and blue on the visible spectrum.|It is between blue and yellow on the visible spectrum and comes in many shades.|That's nice. It sits between yellow and blue on the visible light spectrum.
By far the largest contributor to green in nature is chlorophyll, the chemical by which plants photosynthesize and convert sunlight into chemical energy.|Makes sense since both those colors make green.|That's nice. The chemical by which plants photosynthesize and convert sunlight into chemical energy.||The largest contributor to green in nature is chlorophyll.
Many creatures have adapted to their green environments by taking on a green hue themselves as camouflage.|ah yea its very abundant in nature.|I see, did you know that many creatures have adapted to their green environments?|And think of the creatures that have adapted to their green environments like chameleons and others that take on a green hue for camouflage.|Meanwhile, several creatures are themselves green so they can be camouflaged.
Several minerals have a green color, including the emerald, which is colored green by its chromium content.|Yea its crazy how big of a color green is in the world.|I'm not sure, but a lot of minerals have a green color, like the emerald, which is colored by its chromium content.|There are even minerals that have a green color sich as emerald and peridot.|Even some minerals, like emerald, are green. It's because of the chromium content, did you know that?
The Chihuahua () is the smallest breed of dog and is named after the state of Chihuahua in Mexico.|I have a little Chihuahua as a pet. I really like little dogs, do you have any?|I'm a bot, so I can't have pets. I know that the Chihuahua is the smallest breed of dog.|Not now, but I did when I was young. Its the smallest breed of dog and is named after the state of Chihuahua, Mexico.|I don't but did you know that the Chihuahua breed is named after a state in Mexico with the same name?
The dog was the first species to be domesticated and has been selectively bred over millennia for various behaviors, sensory capabilities, and physical attributes.|I think that's pretty interesting how a dog gets named after a state, isn't it usually after people and science terms? What else can you tell me about them or dogs in general?|Well, dogs were the first domesticated species.|I had a beagle mix that died. The dog was the first to be domesticated and has been bred for a millenia for vaious capabilities.|Have you heard of the domestication of animals? Well, among the species, the dog was the first to be domesticated. They've then been selectively bred over the last thousand years for various capabilities and attributes.
The Miniature Pinscher (Zwergpinscher or Min Pin) is a small breed of dog originating from Germany.|No, but I know of how people tamed animals, just not how. Going back to my dogs, I have a miniature Pinscher as well, do you know anything about it?|Yes, it's a small breed of dog from Germany.|It's a small breed that came from Germany I believe. They are really cute.|Yeah, those are the small dog breed from Germany, they also are known as Zwergpinscher.
The breed is included in the origins of the Dobermann, the Rottweiler, the Miniature Pinscher, the Affenpinscher, the Standard Schnauzer (and, by extension, the Miniature Schnauzer and Giant Schnauzer).|That sounds correct, I think they're cute myself. I think they were bred from the original pinschers, but I'm not sure.|I'm not sure, but the origins of the pinschers are the Dobermann, Rottweiler, and the Standard Schnauzer.|The German pinscher is another type that is near the Dobermann, Rottweiler too I think.|Well the Pinscher is an ancestor of breeds like the Dobermann and Miniature Pinscher.
The Rottweiler ( or , ) is a breed of domestic dog, regarded as medium-to-large or large.|There's so many breeds of dogs now, it's crazy. Rottweilers kind of scare me to be honest.|They are regarded as medium to large or large.|They are usually medium to large or larger, that's for sure.|They are usually a medium to large or larger sized breed, that's for sure.
The Walking Dead is an American post-apocalyptic horror television series developed by Frank Darabont for AMC that is based on the comic book series of the same name by Robert Kirkman, Tony Moore, and Charlie Adlard.|I love to watch the Walking Dead TV show. Can you tell me about it?|Sure, it's based on the comic book series of the same name.|i love that show, The Walking Dead is an American post-apocalyptic horror television series .|Sure, the walking dead is a post-apocalyptic horror TV series, based on the comic books series by Robert Kirkman
The Walking Dead is an American post-apocalyptic horror television series developed by Frank Darabont for AMC that is based on the comic book series of the same name by Robert Kirkman, Tony Moore, and Charlie Adlard.|Yeah my favorite character is Daryl. I heard he will take over as leader in the next season.|Oh, that's nice. Frank Darabont developed the series for AMC.|i liked glenn.... it was developed by Frank Darabont for AMC that is based on the comic book series of the same name by Robert Kirkman.|What else do you know about the next season? I know that the series is developed by Frank Darabont
Andrew Lincoln plays the show's lead character, sheriff's deputy Rick Grimes, who awakens from a coma discovering a world overrun by zombies, commonly referred to as ''walkers''.|I can't wait for Maggie to deliver their baby, I think it will happen next season.|I see, did you know Rick Grimes is Rick Lincoln? He awakens from a coma and finds a world overrun by zombies.|yeah i think Andrew Lincoln plays the show's lead character. if i recall|Cool, not tell me, what do you think about the shows lead character played by Andrew Lincoln
Together they struggle to survive and adapt in a post-apocalyptic world filled with walkers and opposing groups of survivors, who are often more dangerous than the walkers themselves.|I like him but apparently he dies next season. He is moving on to other projects.|I see, did you know that they struggle to survive and adapt in a post-apocalyptic world filled with walkers?||i did not know that. Together they struggle to survive and adapt in a post-apocalyptic world.
Much of the series takes place in and around Atlanta, Georgia, and later Alexandria, Virginia.|It is the last season so they will have to wrap things up somehow.|I see, did you know that a lot of the series takes place around Atlanta, Georgia?|yeah it will be neat.  Much of the series takes place in and around Atlanta, Georgia still today i think|Do you live near Atlanta, Georgia? A lot of the series takes place around there
Dylan's Candy Bar is a chain of boutique candy shops and candy supplier currently located in New York City; East Hampton, New York; Los Angeles, Chicago and Miami Beach, as well as in wholesale venues around the globe.|I'm curious to know about Dylan's Candy Bar|Well, I know that he's a chain of boutique candy shops and candy suppliers.||Dylan's candy bar is a chain of boutique candy shops
It is owned by Dylan Lauren, daughter of fashion designer Ralph Lauren.|Who founded it?|It was founded by Dylan Lauren, daughter of Ralph Lauren.|It is owned Dylan Lauren|I am not sure if the owner is the same person who founded it, so I can only say that it's owned by Dylan Lauren
It is owned by Dylan Lauren, daughter of fashion designer Ralph Lauren.|What year was it founded?|I'm not sure, but it's owned by Dylan Lauren, daughter of Ralph Lauren.|She is the daughter of fashion designer Ralph Lauren|I also don't know whn it ws founded, however, I can give you more facts about Dylan Lauren, the owner, she is the daughter of Ralph Lauren
It stocks 7,000 candies from around the world.|Nice, how many stores does Dylan's Candy Bar have in USA?|I'm not sure, but they have 7,000 candies from around the world.|It stocks 7000 candies from around the world|Well, I know that it stocks 7000 candies from all over the word, I don't know how many stores there are in the USA though
Historically, archery has been used for hunting and combat.|Have you ever taken an archery class? I have and it was lots of fun.|No, I'm a bot, so I can't do archery. I know that archery has been used for combat and hunting.|I have not, it does seem interesting though. It's neat how it used to be about hunting/combat historically, but now it is mainly a competitive sport and recreational activity.|The truth is that bots are not able do to that. Something that is also true the subject of archery is that it has been used for combat and hunting historically
The oldest signs of its use in Europe come from the in the north of Hamburg, Germany and dates from the late Paleolithic, about 10,000–9000 BC.|Yes, it is quite neat how it has evolved. It can be challenging at first but once you get the hang of it, it becomes a lot of fun.|It's the oldest signs of its use in Europe.|I would like to try it some day. It dates way back to 10,000-9000 BC, it's definitely something much older than most modern day ''sports''!|Nice, did you know that this activity you find fun dates as far back as 10,000-9000 BC ?
The oldest bows known so far come from the Holmegård swamp in Denmark.|I did not know that it dated back that far. I knew it was one of the oldest forms of weaponry but had no clue it was that old.|Yes, the bows are from the Holmegrd swamp in Denmark.|Indeed it is. Some of the oldest bows discovered appear to come from Holmegård swamp in Denmark.|So you do know some facts about this subject already, let me tell you another one,  the oldest bows discovered come from Holmegård swamp in Denmark.
There are many different kinds of bow shapes.|Wow, I would love to shoot an old style bow sometime. I have only used modern equipment. I hear the older traditional bows are harder to use.|I see, well there are many different types of bow shapes.|Oh I would imagine, as with many things in life, they evolve over time to become more efficient and/or user friendly.|You said you have used modern equipment, what bow shape have you used? There are many different kinds
Mountain biking is the sport of riding bicycles off-road, often over rough terrain, using specially designed mountain bikes.|I love riding my bike in the mountains near my house.|Oh, cool! Do you like to ride off-road bikes?|Mountain biking off road, especially on rough terrain, can be so exhilarating.|What about riding bikes off-road, as in mountain biking, do you like?
Freeride is a discipline of mountain biking closely related to downhill biking and dirt jumping focused on tricks, style, and technical trail features.|Yes! It really makes me feel alive. I love speeding down hills and seeing how fast I can go!|Cool! Freeride is a discipline of mountain biking.|Have you done freeriding? It's similar to mountain biking, but you mostly go downhill and work on jumping and tricks and such.|Have you done freeriding? It is actually a discipline of mountain biking focused on tricks and style
Mountain biking in British Columbia is a popular sport as well as a thriving manufacturing, service/retail and tourism industry.|No I haven't tried that at all. I haven't done any sort of trick biking. I think it would be pretty cool though.|I see, did you know that mountain biking is a popular sport in British Columbia?||Have you been to British Columbia? Biking is really popular there.
Though no agreed boundary exists, a common conception includes the U.S. states of Oregon and Washington and the Canadian province of British Columbia.|Not yet but I actually was planning a trip there this summer. I guess I can check out the biking scene first hand!|Oh, cool! There is no boundary between Oregon and Washington, though there is a common conception.|The pacific northwest is such a nice place to visit. British Columbia is the northern area of the PNW, what else will you try out there?|Well, you have not been to british columbia but have you ever been to the U.S states of Washington and Oregon?
The river rises in the Rocky Mountains of British Columbia, Canada.|No, I have never been to those places also.|Oh, OK. Did you know that the river rises in the Rocky Mountains of British Columbia?|You should check out the Columbia river, it goes into British Columbia's rocky mountains.|Ok, have you ever heard of a river that rises in the mountains of british columbia though?
Cheerleading is an activity wherein the participants (referred to as ''cheerleaders'') cheer for their team as a form of encouragement.|I was a cheerleader in high school. Were you ever a cheer leader?|I'm a bot, so I can't be a cheerleader. I know that it's an activity where the participants cheer for their team as a form of encouragement.|Yeah ! Remember back then,we do encourage our college basketball team to success.|No, I'm a bot and can't do such things. I am aware, however that it involves cheering for your team to encourage them.
It can range from chanting slogans to intense physical activity.|Oh, OK. I was a football cheerleader. It was less intense than it is now.|Yeah, it can range from chanting slogans to intense physical activity.|That part where we chant slogans and engage in other  intense physical activity.|Cheerleading can involve anything from chanting slogans to truly intense physical activity.
Competitive routines typically range anywhere from one to three minutes, and contain components of tumbling, dance, jumps, cheers, and stunting.|I loved doing the pyramid.|Cool, do you like to perform a competitive routine that ranges from one to three minutes?|Yeah I loved the components of tumbling, dance, jumps, cheers, and stunting.|Did you do competitive cheerleading, with one to three minute routines of various activities like tumbling and jumping?
Cheerleading originated in the United States, and remains predominantly in America, with an estimated 1.5 million participants in all-star cheerleading.|No, we just did it for entertainment. When was cheerleading invented.|It was invented in the US, and is mostly in America.|Was cheerleading a scientific invention? As far as I know it originated in the United States, an|I don't know when, but I know where. It was invented, and is still predominantly practiced, in the US.
It specializes in and provides streaming media and video-on-demand online and DVD by mail.|I love watching shows on Netflix, do you know what it is?|I do not, but I know that it specializes in streaming media and video-on-demand online.|me too. It streams media and video on demand.You can even rent DVD's through mail.|I do. It is a service to stream media and videos online. Did you also know it can provide DVDs by mail?
Netflix is an American entertainment company founded by Reed Hastings and Marc Randolph on August 29, 1997, in Scotts Valley, California.|Wow I did not know you could rent DVDs from them! Do you know when Netflix started?|I'm not sure, but they were founded by Marc Randolph and Reed Hastings in 1997.||Yep, It actually was founded by Reed Hastings and Marc Randolph on August 29, 1997, in Scotts Valley, California.
In 2013, Netflix expanded into film and television production as well as online distribution.|Wow! What else do you know about Netflix?|Well, I also know that Netflix expanded into film and television production in 2013.|I'm really liking their originals. They started production of those in 2013.|Netflix in 2013 started expanding into television and film production.
Netflix entered the content-production industry in 2013, debuting its first series, ''House of Cards''.|Yeah, I heard of and sorta remember that. What was their first original content?|I'm not sure, but they started producing content in 2013, and started producing "House of Cards".|I haven't seen that one yet. Still watching House of Card. That was their first series in 2013. I don't know what they will do without Spacey.|I don't know about their first original content. However, their first series produced was called House of Cards.
Netflix released an estimated 126 original series or films in 2016, more than any other network or cable channel.|Wow, I heard of that one too, but have not watched it yet.|Yeah, it was released in 2016, and it was more original than any other cable channel or network.|We definitely have alot of choices. it would be hard to watch them all. They have 126 origionals. thats more than any network or cable channel.|Netflix even surpassed other networks and cable when they released around 126 original media in 2016.
Science fiction film (or sci-fi film) is a genre that uses speculative, fictional science-based depictions of phenomena that are not fully accepted by mainstream science, such as extraterrestrial lifeforms, alien worlds, extrasensory perception and time travel, along with futuristic elements such as spacecraft, robots, cyborgs, interstellar travel or other technologies.|I like science fiction and alien movies and shows. Do those interest you?|I'm a bot, so I can't watch movies. I do know that science fiction films use speculative, fictional, science-based depictions of things that are not fully accepted by mainstream science.|Yes. I like movies that use use speculative, fictional science-based depictions of phenomena.|As I am a bot I don't have preferences. But I know that sci-fi films uses depictions of phenomena based on fictional science not completely accepted by the mainstream science
Star Wars (later retitled Star Wars: Episode IV – A New Hope) is a 1977 American epic space opera film written and directed by George Lucas.|I liked the Star Wars movies and the Alien movies were pretty intense too,|Oh, that's nice. Did you know that it was written by George Lucas?|I wish I was able to see Star Wars in 1977 when it came out.|Yeah, did you know that star wars came out in 1977?
Starring Mark Hamill, Harrison Ford, Carrie Fisher, Peter Cushing, Alec Guinness, David Prowse, James Earl Jones, Anthony Daniels, Kenny Baker, and Peter Mayhew, the film's plot focuses on the Rebel Alliance, led by Princess Leia (Fisher), and its attempt to destroy the Galactic Empire's space station, the Death Star.|I didn't know it was that old. What else do you know abou it ?|It's about the Rebel Alliance, which is led by Princess Leia.|I prefer the film that stars Mark Hamill and Harrison Ford.|Well, I know that it starred Harrison Ford, Mark Hamil, Carrie Fisher among other people
The Empire Strikes Back (also known as Star Wars: Episode V – The Empire Strikes Back) is a 1980 American epic space opera film directed by Irvin Kershner.|Very interesting. I think I saw almost all of those movies|Oh, yeah? I know of the movie that was directed by Irvin Kershner.||Cool. Did you ever see The Empire Strikes Back in 1980?
The film is set three years after ''Star Wars''.|It's been so long I need to see it again to remember what it was about.|It's set three years after Star Wars.|It is set three years after the original Star Wars.|I see, Star wars is set 3 years prior to the film
Swimming is the self-propulsion of a person through fresh or salt water, usually for recreation, sport, exercise, or survival.|I love to swim. Can you swim?|I can't swim, being a bot, but I know it's the self-propulsion of a person through salt or fresh water.|Yes I can swim well. Swimming is defined as the self-propulsion of a person through water.|Swimming is not posible for a bot like me. But I know that it is the self-propulsion through water a person makes
Locomotion is achieved through coordinated movement of the limbs, the body, or both.|That's neat. What else do you know about swimming?|Well, I also know that it can be done by moving the body, limbs, or both.|To swim you must achieve locomotion. You get locomotion through coordinated movements of the limbs, body, or both.|I don't have any more information. Do you know that locomotion is? You can achieve it by moving you limbs or body Coordinately
As a formalized sport, swimming features in a range of local, national, and international competitions, including every modern summer Olympics.|That makes sense. Do you swim for sport, or know anything about that?|I know that swimming is a formalized sport.|Yes sometimes! I have competed in local competions but the sport of swimming goes all the way up to the Olympics.|Well, I do know some facts about it. Swimming is actually a formalized sport and is included in the summer olympics
Swimming is consistently among top public recreational activities, and in some countries, swimming lessons are a compulsory part of the educational curriculum.|I didn't know that! Did other cultures value swimming too?|I'm not sure, but swimming lessons are a compulsory part of the education curriculum in some countries.|Yes and in some countries, swimming is addeded to the educationall curriculum.|I can't confirm you that, but I know that swimming is addeded to the educational curriculum in some countries
In most countries there is a definition of a number of swimming levels that is reached in the process of the curriculum.|That's impressive. I wish our school would have done that!|I see, did you know that in most countries there is a definition for swimming levels?||In some countries a certain amount of swimming level must be met to satisfy the curriculum.
The marathon is a long-distance running race with an official distance of 42.195 kilometres (26.219 miles, or 26 miles 385 yards), usually run as a road race.|I have been running for 1.5 years to work my way up to a marathon.  Its taking a while!|That's nice. Did you know that the official distance is 42.195 kilometers?|I could never run that long distance race that is 26 miles long, kudos to you!|Very interesting. Do you think you can run the total Marathon distance of 26.219 miles?
The marathon was one of the original modern Olympic events in 1896, though the distance did not become standardized until 1921.|Sure, but I'm not there yet. I can go about 12 miles. I wonder if a marathon has ever been shorter when they were first started.|I'm not sure, but it was one of the original modern Olympic events in 1896.||The distance did not become standardized until 1921 for the marathon
The marathon was one of the original modern Olympic events in 1896, though the distance did not become standardized until 1921.|Wow, how in the world did they keep track of the runner?  Now we have tv cameras following them all and updates. Some people must have cheated.|I'm not sure, but it was one of the original modern Olympic events in 1896.||In 1896 the marathon was one of the original modern olympic events
More than 800 marathons are held throughout the world each year, with the vast majority of competitors being recreational athletes as larger marathons can have tens of thousands of participants.|Were there many spectators at the original olympics? I think that a marathon is definitely Olympic worthy!|I'm not sure, but there are over 800 marathons around the world each year.||Not sure about the spectators but there are over 800 marathons run around the world each year
A beach is a landform alongside a body of water which consists of loose particles.|Going on vacation this summer?|I'm not sure, but a beach is a landform along a body of water.|I am going to the beach my last time today. I will miss that body of water but not it's loose particles that I swim into lol|As I am a bot that question is to applicable to me. Have you ever been to the beach ? It is a landform that goes alongside a mass of water
The particles composing a beach are typically made from rock, such as sand, gravel, shingle, pebbles, or cobblestones.|Oh I love the beach!|Do you like to make sand or gravel or pebbles?|My kids love to collect the rocks, sand for whatever reason, cool gravel and beautiful pebbles. You go much?|Cool, did you know that the particles that compose a beach are made from rock?
Wild beaches, also known as undeveloped or undiscovered beaches, are not developed in this manner.|Didn't know that. I want to go to a wild beach|Do you like to go to a wild beach? They are also known as undeveloped beaches.|I love it so much. We always hope to walk so far along the shore that we find undiscovered beaches|That sounds interesting. It is interesting to think that a wild beach is a undiscovered one.
Sharks continually shed their teeth; some Carcharhiniformes shed approximately 35,000 teeth in a lifetime, replacing those that fall out.|Nice! I love trying to find shells and sharks' teeth.|Interesting, did you know that some carcharhiniformes shed around 35,000 teeth in a lifetime?|Hey, you know what they say, right? A shark will shed 35,000 teeth in their lifetime. You have good odds finding a few lol|Sounds like fun, did you know that sharks shed their teeth consinually? Some can shed about 35000 teeth during their lives
The Last of the Mohicans is a 1992 American epic historical drama, set in 1757 during the French and Indian War.|Have you ever seen the movie The Last of the Mohicans? My husband loves it, but I've never seen it.|No, I'm a bot and can't watch movies. I know it's an American epic historical drama.|Yea it was a great movie. The Last of the Mohicans was released in 1992.|All I know about this movies is that is was released in 1992 and set in 1757
The Last of the Mohicans is a 1992 American epic historical drama, set in 1757 during the French and Indian War.|I didn't realize it's been out that long! What is it about?|It's about the last of the Mohicans, which was set in 1757 during the French and Indian War.||Well The Last of the Mohicans is an epic historical drama. It was set in 1757 during the Indian and French war.
The film stars Daniel Day-Lewis, Madeleine Stowe, and Jodhi May, with Russell Means, Wes Studi, Eric Schweig, and Steven Waddington in supporting roles.|That explains why my husband likes it, he loves war movies. Who stars in the movie?|Daniel Day-Lewis, Madeleine Stowe, Jodhi May, Russell Means, Eric Schweig, Steven Waddington and Wes Studi are in the movie.|The great Daniel Day-Lewis was in The Last of the Mohicans. It also stars Jodhi May and Madeleine Stowe.|Good to know. the movie stars MAdeleine Stowe, Daniel Day-Lewis and Jodhi May
Released on September 25, 1992 in the United States, ''The Last of the Mohicans'' was met with nearly universal praise from critics and commercial success during its box-office run.|Did The Last of the Mohicans win any awards?|I'm not sure, but it was met with nearly universal praise from critics and with commercial success.||I can really recall. I do know that The Last of the Mohicans received nearly universal praise and commercial success during its run in the box-office.
Depression is a state of low mood and aversion to activity that can affect a person's thoughts, behavior, feelings, and sense of well-being.|depression can be the worst thing to happen to someone|I see, did you know that depression can affect your feelings, behavior, and well-being?||Yes. Its a state of low mood and an aversion that can mess with someone's thought, feelings, and behavior.
It is also a symptom of some physical diseases and a side effect of some drugs and medical treatments.|yea so many people struggle with it|It's also a symptom of physical diseases.||It can also come as a side effect from some medication.
Other symptoms expressed may include senses of guilt, irritability, or anger.|oh yea it really is horrible|I see, did you know other symptoms can be feelings of guilt or anger?|Some symptoms as well as sadness could be irritability, sense of guilt or anger.|I can only imagine. And there are other symptons like guilt, anger or irritability as well
Further feelings expressed by these individuals may include feeling ashamed or an expressed restlessness.|oh i didnt know that.|There are feelings that are expressed by those people like being ashamed or restless.||They may also feel ashamed or restless.
These individuals may notably lose interest in activities that they once considered pleasurable to family and friends or otherwise experience either a loss of appetite or overeating.|oh yea i know that feeling.|They may also lose interest in activities that they once considered pleasurable to family and friends.||Also they may have a loss of interest in activities and either a loss of appetitie or eating too much.
A truck or lorry is a motor vehicle designed to transport cargo.|Trucks seem like a useful vehicle to have|I see, well they are designed to transport cargo.|Yes a truck is a great motor vehicle for transporting cargo. Do you like them?|Yeah, they were designed for the transportation of cargo
Dodge is an American brand of cars, minivans, sport cars, sedans, super cars, muscle cars, and sport utility vehicles manufactured by FCA US LLC (formerly known as Chrysler Group LLC), based in Auburn Hills, Michigan.|Yes. What's the most popular truck brand?|I'm not sure, but I know that they're manufactured by FCA US LLC.|The American brand Dodge has a line of cars, and trucks that are popular!|I am not sure about that. Do you know the brand Dodge? It has cars, sport cars, minivans, super cars and many others
Modern trucks are largely powered by diesel engines, although small to medium size trucks with gasoline engines exist in the US, Canada, and Mexico.|I never heard of it. In what part of the country are trucks more common? They seem stereotypically southern|I'm not sure, but modern trucks are mostly powered by diesel engines.|I'm not sure! But I do know that medium sized trucks with gasoline engines are popular in the US, Canada, and even Mexico!|I am not sure about the either. Did you know that there are gasoline engine powered trucks in the US, mexico and canada ?
In the European Union, vehicles with a gross combination mass of up to are known as light commercial vehicles, and those over as large goods vehicles.|Yes, what else can you tell me ?|In the European Union, vehicles with a gross combination mass are known as light commercial vehicles.|Similarly! In the European Union vehicles in this size are known as large good vehicles.|Well, I can tell you that in the EU there are large goods vehicles and also light commercial vehicles
Trucks vary greatly in size, power, and configuration; smaller varieties may be mechanically similar to some automobiles.|Awesome. How fast can a truck be driven?|I'm not sure, but they can be mechanically similar to some automobiles.|It depends! trucks vary in size power and configuration!|I don't have this information. But I know that trucks cary in size, configuration and also power
The domestic dog (''Canis lupus familiaris'' or ''Canis familiaris'') is a member of the genus ''Canis'' (canines), which forms part of the wolf-like canids, and is the most widely abundant terrestrial carnivore.|I'm thinking of a dog. What dog?|I'm not sure, but they are the most widely abundant terrestrial carnivore.|Domestic dogs are a member of the canine family|I cannot suggest a dog for you. Do you know much about them though? Like that they're part of the canines genus or that they're the most populous terrestrial carnivore?
The dog and the extant gray wolf are sister taxa as modern wolves are not closely related to the wolves that were first domesticated, which implies that the direct ancestor of the dog is extinct.|No, I actually don't know much about what you just asked. Can you tell me bit a more of the dog's history?|Well, the dog's direct ancestor is extinct.|dogs and extant grey wolfs are sisters to one another|Well, the modern wolf around is not very similar to the ones that were originally domesticated. So implications from this fact means that the dog's direct ancestors are actually extinct.
The domestic dog (''Canis lupus familiaris'' or ''Canis familiaris'') is a member of the genus ''Canis'' (canines), which forms part of the wolf-like canids, and is the most widely abundant terrestrial carnivore.|Whoa, that's pretty wild when it seems wolves and dogs are so similar in looks and such. What was the dog genus called again?|The domestic dog is a member of the genus ''Canis'' (canines), which forms part of the wolf-like canids.|the best breed is the domestic kind(dog)|The dog is part of the "Canis" genus, another term for it is the canines.
Dogs perform many roles for people, such as hunting, herding, pulling loads, protection, assisting police and military, companionship and, more recently, aiding handicapped individuals and therapeutic roles.|Well that's great to know. How faithful are they?|I'm not sure, but they do many roles for people, like hunting, herding, pulling loads, protection, and more.|dogs are so faithful that they will assist people with hunting,companionship,policing and they will enage in military activitiess|I cannot measure how faithful they are. However, they are used for many tasks for people. They help people with things like herding, protection, and even assist the handicapped, to name a few uses.
The dog was the first species to be domesticated and has been selectively bred over millennia for various behaviors, sensory capabilities, and physical attributes.|Oh well those examples still prove they're very helpful. Were they originally like that as well?|I'm not sure, but they were the first domesticated species.|dogs do display that type of behavior and they can also sense when they are getting tired|I don't believe so. They were selectively bred for a thousand years to develop specific attributes and behaviors.
Cooking techniques and ingredients vary widely across the world, from grilling food over an open fire to using electric stoves, to baking in various types of ovens, reflecting unique environmental, economic, and cultural traditions and trends.|I like to cook a big meal and enjoy it with my family. Do you like to cook?|I'm a bot, so I can't cook. I know that cooking techniques and ingredients vary widely around the world.|I am not the greatest cook but I like to grill outside.|As I am a Bot cooking is not posible for me. But speaking of it, did you know that the techniques for cooking vary a lote worldwide?
Traditional meals have ancient origins, such as bread and cheese, roasted and stewed meats, meat and game pies, boiled vegetables and broths, and freshwater and saltwater fish.|That is very interesting. I love traditional meals|Traditional meals have ancient origins, like bread and cheese, roasted and stewed meats, meat and game pies, boiled vegetables and broths, and freshwater and saltwater fish.|I try to cook at least 3 or 4 days a week.  I like to make things like meatloaf, stew or pasta that I can store and reheat during the week.  How about you?|Interesting. did you know that traditional meals actually have ancient origins ?
Significant changes occurred with the discovery of the New World and the introduction of potatoes, tomatoes, bell peppers, maize and sugar beet, this last introduced in quantity in the 18th century.|That makes sense. What else do you know ?|Well, I also know that the New World was discovered and there were some major changes.|I like to use dishes that have potatoes or tomatoes and bell peppers in it. One of my favorites is for Italian beef sandwiches|Well, I also know that changes happened when the New World was discovered and things like potatoes, bell pappers and tomatoes were introduced.
It offers an abundance of taste, and is one of the most popular and copied in the world.|I'll have to try that, I've never made it. My children's favorite dishes are chicken alfredo (I make my own sauce) and stuffed bell peppers. They're very good meals.|Oh, that's nice. It's one of the most copied dishes in the world.|Yes Italian dishes are some of the most popular in the world.  I personally love a good chicken alfredo!|Yeah, also, did you know that italian food is copied a lot around the world ?
French fries (North American English), chips (British English), finger chips (Indian English), or French-fried potatoes are ''batonnet'' or ''allumette''-cut deep-fried potatoes.|I just ate lunch and had some really good fries.|Nice, did you know that French fries are British, but also Indian, Indian, and Indian English?|Nice, always good, even with different names like chips, as they call them in British English.|Fries comes by different names depending on the English. North American calls it French fries but British English refers to it as chips.
Fries in America are generally salted and are almost always served with ketchup, but in many countries they have other condiments or toppings, like vinegar, mayonnaise, or other local specialties.|Oh that's new I never knew that. Do the other countries add something other than ketchup?|I'm not sure, but in many countries they have other things like vinegar or mayonnaise.|Yes,  prefer to eat less carbs, but when I eat them I prefer them alone sauce instead of ketchup, as they are usually served.|Yes, other countries use different condiments or toppings on the fries. Some examples would be vinegar and mayonnaise.
Fries can be topped more heavily, as in the dishes of poutine and chili cheese fries.|I guess you get the full flavor that way. Ketchup and potato chips go well together too. I like the crinkle cut fries too.|Oh, that's nice. Fries can be topped more heavily, like poutine and chili cheese fries.|They can also be topped more heavily, as in poutine and chilli cheese fries.  I also like them a lot with Bernaise sauce.|I see. They can have more toppings like those found in poutine or chili cheese.
A baked variant of the French fry (''oven chips'') uses less or even no oil.|Haven't tried that . The average American eats 30 pounds of  French Fries a year believe it or not !|I'm not sure, but a baked version of the French fry uses less or even no oil.|Wow, that is alot! I sometimes prepare the baked variant not so much because it is lower in fat but because it is easier and less messy.|There's a baked version of them as well that is made without much or any oil.
Homebrewing is the brewing of beer on a small scale for personal, non-commercial purposes.|Home brewing your own beer can be a fun and rewarding hobby, with a tasty treat at the end.|Oh, nice. Do you brew beer on a small scale for personal, non-commercial purposes?|That's very true, brewing your own beer seems very rewarding.|I see. Homebrewing is just a small scale operation for non-commercial reasons.
Homebrewing is the brewing of beer on a small scale for personal, non-commercial purposes.|When I got married, a friend of ours who was into home brewing made us beer and cream soda for our wedding.|Oh, cool! Homebrewing is a small scale brewing beer for personal, non-commercial purposes.|That sounds amazing haha. Must've been a pretty small scale operation though.|I see. That is an example of homebrewing with a small scale.
Homebrewing is the brewing of beer on a small scale for personal, non-commercial purposes.|It was. He brewed in his basement. Just for personal use.|Oh, that's nice. Do you brew beer for personal, non-commercial purposes?||That makes sense, since home brewing is for non-commercial purposes.
Beer has been brewed on the domestic level since its advent, thousands of years prior to its commercial production, although its legality has varied according to local regulation.|Yeah. He didn't even sell to friends, he'd just give some as gifts sometimes, or do things like our wedding.|Oh, nice. Did you know that beer has been brewed on the domestic level since its advent?|That's pretty nice of him. Brewing on your own has been around for thousands of years.|Interesting. Brewing has around for thousands of years. Local stories about it vary though.
Wild beaches, also known as undeveloped or undiscovered beaches, are not developed in this manner.|The beach is my happy place.  Do you like the beach?|I'm a bot, so I can't go to beach sites. I know that wild beaches are not developed in this way.|Yes! I love the beach, especially wild beaches. They're my favorite to come across.|As a bot, I can't go to beaches. Have you ever been on a wild beach, one that hasn't been developed?
Byala (, ''white'', Ancient Greek: ''Aspros'', Άσπρος) is a small town and seaside resort in Eastern Bulgaria, located on the Bulgarian Black Sea Coast in Varna Province.|Wild beaches?  I''m not familiar with that term.|I'm not sure, but Byala is a seaside resort in Eastern Bulgaria.|They're essentially undiscovered beaches! Easy to come across when you're travelling. I found a really gorgeous one in Byala in Bulgaria! It's located on the black sea coast.|Oh, I don't know anything more about them, but I know of a small town called Byala on the Black Sea Coast of Bulgaria that has a seaside resort. Would that interest you?
The Black Sea is a body of water and marginal sea of the Atlantic Ocean between Eastern Europe, the Caucasus, and Western Asia.|Oh, that sound neat. Where exactly is the Black Sea?|It's a body of water and a sea of the Atlantic Ocean.|You should check anywhere in the black sea area! Which you can find in the Atlantic Ocean, between Europe and Western Asia.|You can find the Black Sea off the Atlantic Ocean. It sits between Eastern Europe and Western Asia next to the Caucasus.
The Baltic Sea is a sea of the Atlantic Ocean, enclosed by Scandinavia, Finland, the Baltic countries, and the North and Central European Plain.|I've never been there but my nephew married someone from Bulgaria.  I should plan a trip with her to visit the beaches.|Nice, did you know that the Baltic Sea is enclosed by Scandinavia, Finland, and the North and Central European Plain?|You should check out the Baltic sea as well! It's more near Scandinavia and Finland, but it's absolutely gorgeous.|Cool! There is also the Baltic Sea, which is by Scandinavia, Finland and the Baltic countries. Does that sound interesting to you?
88.7% of the population is Finnish and speaks Finnish, a Uralic language unrelated to the Scandinavian languages; next come the Finland-Swedes (5.3%).|I appreciate you opening my eyes to this interesting topic.  I am going to plan an awesome trip!!!|That's nice. Did you know that 88.7% of the population is Finnish?|Absolutely! If you do end up going make sure to touch up on your Finnish! Almost 88.7% of the population of Finland speaks it.|You're Welcome! Speaking of Finland, about 89% of their population speaks Finnish.
A stepfather or stepdad is a non-biological father figure who is married to one's parent.|my parents are still married so i will never find out what it's like to have a stepfather|I'm not sure, but a stepfather is a non-biological father.|I have a step father its basically a non biological parent who is married to my mom|Oh, you mean a father figure that's non-biological, married to a parent?
Though less common in literature than evil stepmothers, there are also cases of evil ''stepfathers'', such as in the fairy tales ''The Gold-Bearded Man'' (in a plot usually featuring a cruel father) and ''The Little Bull-Calf''.|Yeah that's what I'm talking about.  Oh, I've always wondered why stories have evil stepmothers, but not evil stepfathers, do you know?|Yes, there are also evil stepfathers, like "The Gold-Bearded Man" and "The Little Bull-Calf".|Evil step fathers are less common in literature than evil stepmothers, mine is great tho!|Actually there are fairy tales with evil stepfathers!  An example is "The Gold Bearded Man."
In fiction, evil stepfathers include Claudius in ''Hamlet'' (though his role as uncle is more emphasized), Walter Parks Thatcher in ''Citizen Kane'' (though this is debatable), Murdstone in Charles Dickens's ''David Copperfield'', the King from the movie ''Radio Flyer'', and Gozaburo Kaiba (who adopted Seto and Mokuba Kaiba) from ''Yu-Gi-Oh!|Oh so I was wrong!  Know of any other evil stepfathers in literature?|I'm not sure, but in fiction, evil stepfathers include Claudius in ''Hamlet'', Walter Parks Thatcher in ''Citizen Kane'', Murdstone in ''David Copperfield'', the King from the movie ''Radio Flyer'', and Gozaburo Kaiba from ''Yu-Gi-Oh!''.|Yes, fictional evil step fathers are found in ''Citizen Kane'' and Hamlet, in reality most are decent|Yes, some examples in fiction are the evil stepfathers in "Hamlet," "Citizen Kane," and "David Copperfield."
'', as well as ''The Stepfather'', films.|I love Hamlet! I've read this book several times|Oh, that's nice. Did you know that "The Stepfather" and "The Stepfather" are films?|Evil step father in ''The Stepfather'' films as well|Oh have you?  Oh I should mention the film "The Stepfather" as well.
The film ''Sucker Punch'' features a sexually abusive stepfather.|I've never watched that movie|Oh, cool! The film features a sexually abusive stepfather.||Have you seen the movie ''The Sucker Punch'' about an abusive stepfather?
Hi-5 are an Australian children's musical group formed in 1998, who are associated with the children's television series of the same name.|Hi|Hi, I know that they are an Australian musical group.||Hello. When you said, I remembered about Hi-5, an Australian children's musical group
Pet Sounds is the eleventh studio album by American rock band the Beach Boys, released on May 16, 1966.|Oh, interesting. And when you said that they are australian I remembered when I went there, it was very nice, I did a lot of hiking|Oh, that's nice. They released their 11th studio album in 1966.|Good to hear you had been there. I always wanted to visit Australia, walk through the country while listening to Pet Sounds, an American rock band|Very interesting. Have you ever heard of the Beach Boys? They are an american rock band and Pet Sounds ins one of their albums
Pet Sounds is the eleventh studio album by American rock band the Beach Boys, released on May 16, 1966.|I have never heard of them. When was Pet Sounds released ?|It was released on May 16, 1966.|Indeed. Have you ever heard of Pet sounds? Did you listen to any of their music?|Great question. Pet sounds was releases in 1966 and was the eleventh album by the Beach Boys
It is over of developed trail that is made up of 26 wilderness paths and intersect more than 30 communities.|That is great information to learn|It's over of developed trail that's made up of 26 wilderness paths.|If you are really into hiking, i would recommend you East Coast Trail which has up to 26 wilderness paths|Now back to hiking. Do you know the trail that has 26 wilderness paths?
Lizards are a widespread group of squamate reptiles, with over 6,000 species, ranging across all continents except Antarctica, as well as most oceanic island chains.|I absolutely love Lizards, they are very uncommon pets but they are so adorable!|Oh, that's nice. Lizards are a widespread group of squamate reptiles.|I used to have a pet lizard. There are over 6,000 species to choose from though!|There are more than 6000 species of them on every continent except Antarctica.
They are often territorial, the males fighting off other males and signalling, often with brightly colours, to attract mates and to intimidate rivals.|They're really awesome huh if they're everywhere. I never seen more than a couple though I wonder why.|I'm not sure, but they are often territorial, and the males fight off other males and signal, often with bright colors, to attract mates and intimidate rivals.|Bearded dragons are really social lizards, I just love it. I hear they can get to be a bit territorial with other lizards though!|Lizards tend to be territorial. The male ones drive other males away as well as attract mates, typically through the use of bright colors.
The eastern bearded dragon (''Pogona barbata'') is an agamid lizard found in wooded parts of Australia.|Hm. That may explain why I don't really see many around. I think bearded dragons are pretty cool lizards, can you tell me anything about them?|Well, they are found in wooded parts of Australia.|There are a few different kinds of bearded dragons. I think the common kind people keep as pets is the Eastern bearded dragon native to Australia.|They're known as "pogona barbata" and are found in woody parts of Australia.
This species is very popularly kept as a pet and exhibited in zoos.|Oh I see so in Australia. Are they good pets?|I'm not sure, but they are very popularly kept as pets.|They also very social like I said. Their ability to form a bond with people is part of why bearded dragons are so popularly kept as a pet.|They are popular as a pet. They are also shown at zoos as well.
An autonomous car (also known as a driverless car, self-driving car, robotic car) and unmanned ground vehicle is a vehicle that is capable of sensing its environment and navigating without human input.|I can't wait till autonomous cars are mainstream! Make my life so much easier!|Oh, yeah? They are also known as driverless cars, robotic cars, and ground vehicles.|Autonomous cars are the ones that are self driven without human input or intervention. Do you know that?|That sounds interesting. Would you like to have a vehicle able to sense the environment and navigate without the inputs from humans ?
Experiments have been conducted on automating cars since at least the 1920s; promising trials took place in the 1950s and work has proceeded since then.|Yes, you plug in your address and enjoy the ride.|Oh, cool! Have you ever done automated cars? They've been doing experiments since the 1920s.||Experiments have been conducted on automating cars since at least the 1920s; promising trials took place in the 1950s and work has proceeded so far
Autonomous cars must have control systems that are capable of analyzing sensory data to distinguish between different cars on the road.|I think it would make the road a lot safer.|I see, did you know that autonomous cars have control systems that can analyze sensory data to distinguish between different cars?|It is really good to know that Autonomous cars must have control systems that are capable of analyzing sensory data to distinguish between different cars.|Yeah, they are required to have the ability to analyze data to distinguish differents cars
Big data is data sets that are so voluminous and complex that traditional data processing application software are inadequate to deal with them.|Yes it's amazing what they can do.|I'm not sure, but they are so complex and voluminous that traditional software isn't able to deal with them.|Also, it is interesting to understand this. Big data is data sets that are so voluminous and complex that traditional data processing application software are inadequate to deal with them, it is a big thing these days|I agree. Another subject interesting to know about is big data, which involves data sets so complex and voluminous that the traditional applications for data processing can't deal with them
Lately, the term ''big data'' tends to refer to the use of predictive analytics, user behavior analytics, or certain other advanced data analytics methods that extract value from data, and seldom to a particular size of data set.|Yes I can't even begin to imagine how all that works. It's fascinating!|I'm not sure, but the term "big data" is used to refer to user behavior analytics, predictive analytics, and other data analytics methods that extract value from data.|Of course in due course of time, things change - the term ''big data'' tends to refer to the use of predictive analytics, user behavior analytics, or certain other advanced data analytics methods that extract value from data, and seldom to a particular size of data set and it is changing forever.|It is. Also, Big data refers lately to the usage of predictive analytics or other methods of advanced data analytics that are able to get value from data
The Port of Portland is the largest tonnage seaport in New England.|I'm thinking about going on a vacation in Maine and was thinking about visiting Portland. Do you know of any cool places to go and visit in Portland?|I know that the Port of Portland is New England's largest tonnage seaport.|Oh yes the Port of Portland largest seaport in New England you will enjoy touring it|Yes, I know of Port of Portland, which is the largest seaport in all of New England. Would that interest you?
The city seal depicts a phoenix rising from ashes, which is a reference to the recoveries from four devastating fires.|So I imagine they would have a lot of restaurants with good seafood? Do you know of any that I should visit while I am there?|I don't know but the city seal depicts a phoenix rising from ashes.|I don't but fun fact the city seal is a phoenix  rising from the ashes, very cool|I don't, but fun fact, the city seal is a phoenix rising above the ashes.
The city seal depicts a phoenix rising from ashes, which is a reference to the recoveries from four devastating fires.|That does seem pretty neat. Do you know what it stands for?|Yes, it is a reference to the recoveries from four devastating fires.||Yes I do it symoblises the recovery form four really bad fires that devastated the city
The city seal depicts a phoenix rising from ashes, which is a reference to the recoveries from four devastating fires.|Oh wow! I've never heard about this fire before. Do you know anything about it?|Yes, the city seal depicts a phoenix rising from ashes, which is a reference to the recoveries from four devastating fires.||Just that there were four horrible fires the city had to recover from
Native Americans originally called the Portland peninsula Machigonne (''Great Neck'').|I imagine that it took a very long time to rebuild. Did any major landmarks burn down?|I'm not sure, but Native Americans originally called the Portland peninsula Machigonne.|I am sure and the native americans called the place ''Great Neck''|I am not sure, but the Native Americans called the peninsula Machigonne, or "Great Neck".
Most cheeses melt at cooking temperature.|I love cheese, what about you?|I'm a bot, so I can't eat. But I know that most cheeses melt at the temperature of cooking.|Me too. I really love melted cheese on certain foods|I can't really say, because bots don't eat food!  I do know that if most cheeses are at cooking temperature, they melt.
Other ingredients may be added to some cheeses, such as black pepper, garlic, chives or cranberries.|Yeah, that is good. I like a large variety of cheeses.|Oh, nice. Some cheeses also have other ingredients like black pepper, garlic, chives, and cranberries.|Sometimes as well when you add other ingredients such as garlic or chives makes it even better|Oh do you?   Then you might know that some cheeses have ingredients added.  Some of those might include black pepper or chives.
Herbs, spices, or wood smoke may be used as flavoring agents.|Yeah, delicious!  Do you know about anything else that can be used to flavor cheese?|Sure, herbs, spices, or wood smoke can be used as flavoring agents.|I like spicy cheese like pepperjack. Alot of people around here also ''cold smoke'' cheese and that is really good as well|Yeah, they can use wood smoke, herbs or spices for flavor!
Other ingredients may be added to some cheeses, such as black pepper, garlic, chives or cranberries.|Mmm sounds delicious, you're making me hungry.  What else might they add?|Some cheeses can also have other ingredients like black pepper, garlic, chives, or cranberries.|The pellet smokers that you can get. They get ''smoke tubes'' and add flavoring to the cheese that way. Very delicious.|Hehe.  Garlic or cranberries can be added too!
In North America, hickory, mesquite, oak, pecan, alder, maple, and fruit-tree woods, such as apple, cherry, and plum, are commonly used for smoking.|That sounds so interesting, I wonder where I can get some.|I'm not sure, but I know that hickory, mesquite, oak, pecan, alder, and fruit-tree woods are used for smoking in North America.|I''m not sure if you can buy in store. But the flavors used could be hickory, mesquite or even apple or cherry|I don't know, really.  Oh, about smoking cheese?   They commonly use hickory, mesquite and fruit-tree woods in the process.
Overwatch is a team-based multiplayer online first-person shooter video game developed and published by Blizzard Entertainment.|I bought Overwatch but I haven't played much of it.|Oh, that's too bad. Did you know it's a team-based multiplayer online first person shooter?|Hello, I love Overwatch, a team-based multiplayer. Do you?|Oh Overwatch! That's a multiplayer online game.  It's team based, and is a first person shooter game.  Blizzard Entertainment publishes it!
''Overwatch'' assigns players into two teams of six, with each player selecting from a roster of over 20 characters, known in-game as ''heroes'', each with a unique style of play, whose roles are divided into four general categories: Offense, Defense, Tank, and Support.|It's been pretty fun so far, but I love the idea of it and all the characters.|Oh, that's nice. Overwatch assigns players into two teams of six, with each player selecting from a roster of over 20 characters.|Me too, selecting from a roster of over 20 characters is so exciting. I love Trinity though.|Cool!  I understand there's 2 teams of 6?  And each player can select from over 20 characters, also known as heroes in game.  Each character has it's own style of play.
Players on a team work together to secure and defend control points on a map or escort a payload across the map in a limited amount of time.|Yeah that sounds right.  I haven't figured out what the goal of the team is though!|I'm not sure, but the players on the team work together to secure and defend points on a map.|Why not? Did you not enjoy the process to secure and defend control points?|Oh!  Well it's all about securing and defending control points situated on a map.  Or escorting a payload across a map.
Additionally, Blizzard has developed and added new characters, maps, and game modes post-release, while stating that all ''Overwatch'' updates will remain free, with the only additional cost to players being microtransactions to earn additional cosmetic rewards.|Oh, sounds a bit complicated, especially working on a team!  Have they added any new features to the game since it was released?|I'm not sure, but Blizzard has added new characters, maps, and game modes after the game.|Blizzard has developed and added new characters, maps, and game modes post-release, so I think you should give it another try!|Blizzard?  Oh they added new characters, game modes and maps!   They say all the updates will be free too.
McDonald's is a fast food company that was founded in 1940 as a restaurant operated by Richard and Maurice McDonald, in San Bernardino, California, United States.|im thinking about opening up a mcdonalds franchise, what do you know about mcdonalds ?|Well, I know that they were founded in 1940 by Richard and Maurice McDonald.||I know it started in 1940 in San Bernardino, California.
The first time a McDonald's franchise used the Golden Arches logo was in 1953 at a location in Phoenix, Arizona.|oh wow that long ago? anything else i should know?|Yes, the first time they used the Golden Arches logo was in 1953.||The first McDonald's franchise that used the golden arches was in 1953 in Phoenix, Arizona.
McDonald's is the world's largest restaurant chain by revenue, serving over 69 million customers daily in over 100 countries across approximately 36,900 outlets as of 2016.|how many people do they serve ?|I'm not sure, but they serve over 69 million customers a day.||The serve over 69 million customers daily.
Although McDonald's is known for its hamburgers, they also sell cheeseburgers, chicken products, french fries, breakfast items, soft drinks, milkshakes, wraps, and desserts.|thats a lot of burgers to make|I see, did you know they also sell chicken products, breakfast items, wraps, and desserts?||They may be known for the hamburgers, but they also sell cheesburers, chicken products french fries and breakfast items.
In response to changing consumer tastes and a negative backlash because of the unhealthiness of their food, the company has added to its menu salads, fish, smoothies, and fruit.|thats good to know|I see, did you know that the company has added salads, fish, smoothies and fruit to their menu?||They also added salads to the menu as well as fish, smoothies and fruit.
It is assumed that the ancestors of humankind developed the ability to run for long distances about 2.6 million years ago, probably in order to hunt animals.|i like running. According to a study by the University of Arkansas with 408 participants, running makes you more desirable. 80% of men and 60% of women actually felt more attractive due to regular running.|That's interesting. Did you know that humans ancestors developed the ability to run long distances about 2.6 million years ago?|I like running too! Humankind developed the ability to run long distances 2.6 million years ago!|That's interesting information! Did you know long-distance running probably developed around 2.6 million years in the past?
The marathon is a long-distance running race with an official distance of 42.195 kilometres (26.219 miles, or 26 miles 385 yards), usually run as a road race.|No, I didn't, that's amazing! What do you know about marathons? I'm thinking of joining one.|Well, I know that it's a long-distance running race.|Wow! That's impressive! Have you ever run a marathon?|Well, a marathon is run over about 42 km or 26.2 miles. They're usually run over roads. Have you ever run one before?
Running has been described as the world's most accessible sport.|no but i really want to! i also want to keep going because those who run 20-30 km (12.4-18.6 miles) a week have a stronger immune system and are less prone to colds.|That's nice. Running is considered the most accessible sport in the world.|Yes! One of the many benefits! It's also considered to be the world's most accessible sport.|That's an interesting effect! It's also considered the most accessible sport in the world. Do you think you are up for a marathon?
More than 800 marathons are held throughout the world each year, with the vast majority of competitors being recreational athletes as larger marathons can have tens of thousands of participants.|i think a marathon is possible, in contrast to men, women usually run the second half of a marathon faster than the first.|I see, did you know that over 800 marathons are held around the world each year?|With more than 800 marathons taking place around the world each year, it would be fun to find one in a location you'd like to see!|Well, you can pick from over 800 marathons that are held worldwide every year.
The guitar is a type of chordophone, traditionally constructed from wood and strung with either gut, nylon or steel strings and distinguished from other chordophones by its construction and tuning.|My friend plays the guitar, do you know much about guitars?|I know that they are a type of chordophone.||Not much,  but I know a few things.  For example, I know the guitar is a type of chordophone, traditionally constructed from wood and strung with either gut, nylon or steel string.
A chordophone is a musical instrument that makes sound by way of a vibrating string or strings stretched between two points.|That's interesting, what exactly is a chordophone?|It's a musical instrument that makes sound by using a vibrating string or strings stretched between two points.||A chordophone is a musical instrument that makes sound by way of a vibrating string stretched between two points.
The modern guitar was preceded by the gittern, the vihuela, the four-course Renaissance guitar, and the five-course baroque guitar, all of which contributed to the development of the modern six-string instrument.|That makes sense, do you know when the guitar was invented?|I'm not sure, but the modern guitar was preceded by the gittern, the vihuela, the Renaissance guitar, and the baroque guitar.||Not exactly, but the modern guitar was preceded by the gittern, the vihuela, the four-course Renaissance and the five-course baroque guitar.
The gittern was a relatively small gut strung round-backed instrument that first appears in literature and pictorial representation during the 13th century in Western Europe (Iberian Peninsula, Italy, France, England).|Wow it sounds like it has quite the history, what exactly is a gittern?|It was a small gut strung round-backed instrument that first appeared in literature and pictorial representation during the 13th century in Western Europe.||A guittern was a small gut instrument that first appears in literature during 13th century in Western Europe.
An electric guitar is a guitar that uses one or more pickups to convert the vibration of its strings into electrical signals.|Fascinating, do you know anything cool about the electric guitar?|I know that they use one or more pickups to convert the vibration of their strings into electrical signals.||Well an electric guitar uses one or more pickups to convert the vibration of its string into electrical signals.
Red hair (or ginger hair) occurs naturally in 1–2% of the human population.|Hi! Do you have red hair?|No, I'm a bot, so I can't have hair. I know that red hair occurs naturally in 1 to 2 percent of the human population.|Hey, I don't have red hair, but my best friend does. It's a very rare color to have. Do you?|I am a bot so that question doesn't apply to me. Did you know that red hair naturally occurs in only 1-2% of the population ?
The darker a person's natural hair color is, the more individual hair follicles they have on their scalp.|I didn't know it was this rare. What else do you know about hair ?|Well, I also know that the darker the color is, the more individual hair follicles they have on their scalp.|My hair is brown, apparently the darker the hair color, the more individual follicles a person has on their scalp.|Well, I know that the darker the hair, the more hair follicles a person has in their scalp
Hair coloring, or hair dyeing, is the practice of changing the hair color.|Oh! I did not know that! Did you know that the viking population had red hair?|I'm not sure, but hair coloring is the practice of changing the hair color.|I didn't know that... I wonder if it was natural, or if they used hair dye to color it. Nowadays, hair coloring is so popular. Have you ever colored your hair?|I didn't have that information. Did you know tha changing the color of your hair is caled hair dyeing or hair coloring ?
Hair coloring can be done professionally by a hairdresser or independently at home.|I have colored my hair. One time I did a really bad job and a lot of my hair fell out. Have you ever colored your hair?|No, I'm a bot, so I can't color. I know that hair coloring can be done by a hairdresser or at home.|OMG! That would be TERRIBLE! lol I have colored my hair quite a few times. I've had it done professionally and had my mom do it at home. One time it turned purple. Did you have yours done professionally or at home?|Yes I am a bot that would be imposible. Did you know you could have done it professionally as well?
Long lustrous female hair is generally rated attractive by both men and women across cultures.|I have had it done in the salon and at home. I tried to bleach it blond once by myself and it turned yellow|That's nice. Long lustrous female hair is generally rated attractive by men and women across cultures.|I have long hair, I wish it was thicker though. Apparently long lustrous hair is considered 'attractive' by men... so I probably shouldn't cut it if I want to find a man. ha What about you?|I see, is your hair long? Long hair is found attractive by men and women as well
The historical development of Hindu self-identity within the local South Asian population, in a religious or cultural sense, is unclear.|I have been learning to speak hindu!|I see, did you know that Hindus have a historical development in the South Asian population?||Wow, do you identify with the local South Asian population? What was your motivation for learning?
The historical meaning of the term ''Hindu'' has evolved with time.|I just have a few friends and want to impress this boy...|Oh, cool! Did you know that the term "Hindu" has evolved with time?||Well interesting! The meaning of the term ''Hindu'' has evolved over time. How fluent are you?
Competing theories state that Hindu identity developed in the British colonial era, or that it developed post-8th century CE after the Islamic invasion and medieval Hindu-Muslim wars.|I have only just started a few weeks ago, Are you fluent?|I'm a bot, so I can't speak. I know that Hindu identity developed during the British colonial era.|Not at all, but I wouldn't mind knowing some! One theory says the Hindu identity developed in the British colonial era|The answer is no. But I know some more facts about it. The hindu indentity might have been delevoped during the called british colonial era according to theories
A sense of Hindu identity and the term ''Hindu'' appears in some texts dated between the 13th and 18th century in Sanskrit and regional languages.|That is really neat|Oh, that's nice. Did you know that Hindus have a sense of identity?|Yep! So we could refer that the language appeared sometime between the 13th and 18th centuries.|Yep, Another interesting fact is that the term "Hindu" can be found in texts form between the 13th century and the 18th century
In July 2016, Seattle was again the fastest-growing major U.S. city, with a 3.1% annual growth rate.|I have never been to seattle but I would love to visit.|Nice, did you know that Seattle was the fastest-growing major city in 2016?|I would too. I read it's the fastest growing city in 2016, with a 3.1 annual growth rate.|Well, did you know that it was the fastest growing city in 2016? It grew by 3.1%.
With an estimated 713,700 residents , Seattle is the largest city in both the state of Washington and the Pacific Northwest region of North America.|Wow, I bet it is really busy and crowded.|I'm not sure, but it has 713,700 residents.||I believe it said there were over 700,000 residents just in Seattle and it is the largest city in Washington also.
A major gateway for trade with Asia, Seattle is the fourth-largest port in North America in terms of container handling .|I would hate to drive there. I'm assuming people use a lot of public transportation.|I see, did you know Seattle is the fourth-largest port in North America?|Me too. I hate waiting in traffic. It's a major trade route with Asia. It has the fourth largest port in North America in terms of container shipping.|I don't know the transportation situation, but it is the fourth-largest North American port.
The Seattle area was previously inhabited by Native Americans for at least 4,000 years before the first permanent European settlers.|Oh, that's interesting. Do you know anything of the history of Seattle?|Yes, it was inhabited by Native Americans for at least 4,000 years before European settlers became permanent.||It used to have only Native Americans for at least four thousand years beofre the first European settlers came here.
Arthur A. Denny and his group of travelers, subsequently known as the Denny Party, arrived from Illinois via Portland, Oregon, on the schooner ''Exact'' at Alki Point on November 13, 1851.|Same, I love living in an area that doesn't have a lot of traffic.|Interesting, did you know that Arthur Denny and his group of travelers, subsequently known as the Denny Party, arrived from Illinois via Portland, Oregon?|A man named Arthur Denny arrived via Oregon in 1851.|OK, good to know. Getting back to the history, a man named Arthur Denny arrived with a group in 1851.
McDonald's is a fast food company that was founded in 1940 as a restaurant operated by Richard and Maurice McDonald, in San Bernardino, California, United States.|i love mcdonalds it might be the best fast food place ever|That's nice. Did you know they were founded in 1940?|yea mcdonalds was founded in 1940 by richard and maurice mcdonald!|Oh do you!  They were founded in 1940 in California.  The first restaurant was run by Maurice and Richard McDonald.
The first time a McDonald's franchise used the Golden Arches logo was in 1953 at a location in Phoenix, Arizona.|O wow that is such a long time ago!|The first time they used the Golden Arches logo was in 1953.||yea and the first time a franchise used the golden arches logo was in 1953 in Phoenix Arizona
McDonald's is the world's largest restaurant chain by revenue, serving over 69 million customers daily in over 100 countries across approximately 36,900 outlets as of 2016.|Do you know how many locations they have now|I'm not sure, but they're the largest restaurant chain in the world by revenue.||Mcdonalds is the world's largest chain, they serve over 69 million customers daily and have approximately 36,900 outlets as of 2016
Although McDonald's is known for its hamburgers, they also sell cheeseburgers, chicken products, french fries, breakfast items, soft drinks, milkshakes, wraps, and desserts.|Wow! have they always sold stuff like burgers?|I'm not sure, but they also sell chicken products, breakfast items, wraps, and desserts.||they are known for its burgers but they also sell cheeseburgers, they also sell chicken products, french fries, breakfast items and soft drinks, milkshakes and the like
In response to changing consumer tastes and a negative backlash because of the unhealthiness of their food, the company has added to its menu salads, fish, smoothies, and fruit.|I still think their burgers are really good|I see, did you know they have added salads, fish, smoothies and fruit to their menu?|because of consumer tastes and backlash, the company has added salads, fish, smoothies, and fruit.|Right!  But besides burgers they have add salads, fish, fruit and smoothies.  This is due to the change in consumer tastes, and also some backlash over how unhealthy their food is.
Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM), previously Math, Engineering, Technology, and Science (METS) is the academic discipline of science, technology, engineering and mathematics.|I'm very interested in science and math.|Interesting, did you know that science, technology, engineering and mathematics is the academic discipline of science, technology, and mathematics?||STEM is science, technology, engineering and mathematics
This term is typically used when addressing education policy and curriculum choices in schools, to improve competitiveness in science and technology development.|Oh, I never knew that acronym. Is there more you can tell me about these fields of study?|Well, I know that this term is used to address education policy and curriculum choices in schools.||The term is typically used when addressing education policy and curriculum choices in school
It has implications for workforce development, national security concerns and immigration policy.|I see. Are there any particular areas of science or math that you're most interested in?|I'm not sure, but I know that it has implications for immigration policy, national security, and workforce development.|I.T. it has implications for workforce development, national security concerns and immigration policy|Not really. But I know a bit about it. Did you know the the implications it has range from eorkforce development to imigration policy?
The acronym arose in common use shortly after an interagency meeting science education held at the US National Science Foundation chaired by the then NSF director Rita Colwell.|Oh yes, technology is incredibly important. What else can you tell me?|Well, the acronym came out in common use shortly after an interagency meeting.||The acronym arose in common use shortly after an interagency meeting science education
One of the first NSF projects to use the acronym was STEMTEC, the Science, Technology, Engineering and Math Teacher Education Collaborative at the University of Massachusetts Amherst, which was funded in 1998.|I think more people need to learn about science and technology because it's the way of the future.|I see, did you know that one of the first projects that used the acronym was STEMTEC?||One of the first NSF projects to use the acronym was STEMTEC
Budweiser () is an American-style pale lager produced by Anheuser-Busch, currently part of the transnational corporation Anheuser-Busch InBev.|I know people think it's rather plain, but Budweiser is still one of my favorite beers.|Oh, that's nice. Did you know it's produced by Anheuser-Busch?|Budwiser is a great beer, its an american style ale lager|I see. Did you know that it's now owned by an international company called Anheuser-Busch InBev?
Introduced in 1876 by Carl Conrad & Co. of St. Louis, Missouri, it has grown to become one of the largest selling beers in the United States, and is available in over 80 markets worldwidethough, due to a trademark dispute, not necessarily under the Budweiser name.|I think I heard something about that. As for the beer, I wouldn't go as far as calling it great, but for it's price at restaurants, it's a pretty solid bet. There's some consistency to it.|It was introduced in 1876 by Carl Conrad & Co.|Thats true.  Budwiser was introduced in 1876 by carl conrad|Good to know. Did you also know that it was first created in 1876? It's also available in more than 80 markets around the world, though not necessarily as Budweiser.
It is made with up to 30% rice in addition to hops and barley malt.|I didn't think it was that old.  Too bad it's not really an american beer any more.|I see, did you know that it's made with up to 30% rice?||Yeah, another fact is that its made up to 30 percent rice
Beer is one of the oldest and most widely consumed alcoholic drinks in the world, and the third most popular drink overall after water and tea.|That's news to me.  I thought it was mostly yeast, hops, and water.|Yeah, it's one of the most consumed alcoholic drinks in the world.|I was also shocked to find that out.  Another fact is that beer is one of the oldest and most widely consumed alcoholic drinks in the world|Yep. Another interesting fact, beer is about the oldest drinks in history. It's also very popular, the third most drunk beverage behind water and tea.
A drink or beverage is a liquid intended for human consumption.|And not just by humans.  Elephants ferment alcoholic drinks in their trunks!|Oh, that's cool. Do you drink a drink or drink? It's a liquid intended for human consumption.|I had no idea !  also a drink or beverage is a liquid intended for human consumption|Well, that's interesting! Although an elephant wouldn't be drinking a beverage since that's technically only what humans drink.
Game of Thrones is an American fantasy drama television series created by David Benioff and D. B. Weiss.|Game of Thrones is my favorite show ever! Have you ever seen it?|No, I'm a bot, so I can't watch TV. I know it's created by D. B. Weiss and David Benioff.|Yes! I love it so much, the TV series was  created by David Benioff and D. B. Weiss.|Cool!  No but I know about it.   It's American, and is a TV fantasy drama.  D.B. Wiess and David Benioff created the series.
It is an adaptation of ''A Song of Ice and Fire'', George R. R. Martin's series of fantasy novels, the first of which is ''A Game of Thrones''.|Those guys do some amazing work! Why do you think Game of Thrones has been such a huge hit?|I'm not sure, but it's an adaptation of George R.R. Martin's fantasy novels.|I think it was just the right story at the right time/ It was written by George R. R. Martin.|I don't know.  Did you know it's based on George Martin's fantasy novels?
It is filmed in Belfast and elsewhere in the United Kingdom, Canada, Croatia, Iceland, Malta, Morocco, Spain, and the United States.|I wonder if George R.R. Martin has plans to write any more books, do you know? I can't think of the name of the book series that Game of Thrones is based on.|I'm not sure, but it's filmed in Belfast, Canada, Iceland, and other places.||Im not sure about anymore books. But the show is shot in Belfast mainly But sometimes in the UK as well
The series premiered on HBO in the United States on April 17, 2011, and its seventh season ended on August 27, 2017.|It's a beautiful location. When did the series begin?|The series premiered on April 17, 2011 on HBO.||The series premiered on HBO on April 17 2011
Kentucky (, ), officially the Commonwealth of Kentucky, is a state located in the east south-central region of the United States.|I really love Kentucky, I was born and raised here, Have you ever been there?|I have not but know it's officially called the Commonwealth of Kentucky.|My parents are from Kentucky! I have only been to east, south-central region state a few times|No!  Since I'm a bot I cannot travel.  Did you know the official name of the state is the Commonwealth  of Kentucky?
Kentucky is also known for horse racing, bourbon distilleries, moonshine, coal, the historic site My Old Kentucky Home, automobile manufacturing, tobacco, bluegrass music, college basketball, and Kentucky Fried Chicken.|Oh ok, I have lived here for quite some time but dont really know too much about it, What are some cool Kentucky facts that you know?|I know that Kentucky is also known for horse racing, bourbon distilleries, moonshine, coal, the historic site My Old Kentucky Home, automobile manufacturing, bluegrass music, college basketball, and Kentucky Fried Chicken.|They are known for horse racing, bourbon distilleries and moonshine..I definitely need to visit this place to get some real bourbon apparently ha|Oh I know a few!  It's known for so many things, like bourbon distilleries, moonshine, auto manufacturing, coal, tobacco, college basketball, horse racing and bluegrass music!
The Kentucky Derby presented by Woodford Reserve is a horse race that is held annually in Louisville, Kentucky, United States, on the first Saturday in May, capping the two-week-long Kentucky Derby Festival.|I have never actually been to a horse race in Kentucky, Where is the derby held at anyways?|I'm not sure, but the Kentucky Derby is held annually in Louisville, Kentucky, United States.||Louisville Kentencky, It ends the Kentucky Derby Festival usually
Louisville ( , or ) is the largest city in the Commonwealth of Kentucky and the 29th-most populous city in the United States.|Interesting, Ive never been to Louisville, I hear they have the highest population in Kentucky, is that true?|I'm not sure, but they're the 29th most populated city in the US.||That is very true, they are also the 29th most populated city in the US
Extreme Couponing (renamed Extreme Couponing: All-Stars for third season) is a scripted American reality television series produced by Sharp Entertainment and aired on cable network TLC in the United States and Canada.|What is extreme couponing about?|It's a reality television series that Sharp Entertainment produced.|It's a pretty interesting American reality tv show, it's scripted though|The reality television series Extreme couponing is a scripted series and aired on TLC
Extreme Couponing (renamed Extreme Couponing: All-Stars for third season) is a scripted American reality television series produced by Sharp Entertainment and aired on cable network TLC in the United States and Canada.|Interesting. Who produced it ?|Sharp Entertainment produced it.|IT's aired on TLC i believe it started in 2010|Well, the series was a sharp entertainment production
Extreme couponing is an activity that combines shopping skills with couponing in an attempt to save as much money as possible while accumulating the most groceries.|Fantastic, what values does the program pass on to viewers|I'm not sure, but I know that extreme couponing is a activity that combines couponing and shopping skills.|they show you how to coupon so you can save as much money as possible|I am not sure about the values, but I know that it combines couponing with shopping skills in oder to try to save money
The concept of ''extreme couponers'' was first mentioned by ''The Wall Street Journal'' on March 8, 2010 in an article entitled ''Hard Times Turn Coupon Clipping Into the Newest Extreme Sport''.|Thanks for enlightening me about extreme couponing|That's nice. The Wall Street Journal mentioned the concept of extreme couponers in 2010.||sure! It's interesting that the concept of Extreme couponers was first mentioned by the wall street juornal in 2010
Being front line staff they are most likely to detect and stop fraudulent transactions in order to prevent losses at a bank (counterfeit currency and checks, identity theft, confidence tricks, etc.).|Hi I am a Bank Teller, I handle people's money by taking in or taking out money from people's bank account! What do you do for your line of work?|I'm a bot, so I can't do that. I know that they're front line staff and can detect and stop fraudulent transactions.|That's cool. Bank tellers are most likely to detect and stop fraudulent transactions in order to prevent losses at a bank including counterfeit currency. I'm a manager|Oh that's interesting.  They can detect and stop transactions that are fraudulent, like identity theft and counterfeit checks and currency.  They are on the front line!
Being front line staff they are most likely to detect and stop fraudulent transactions in order to prevent losses at a bank (counterfeit currency and checks, identity theft, confidence tricks, etc.).|That's true, and they also detect confidence tricks!|They are also front line staff and can detect and stop fraudulent transactions.|Bank tellers are also trained to detect identity theft and confidence tricks. As a manager, I manage people and processes.|Right!  And all of that detection prevents bank losses.
Most teller jobs require experience with handling cash and a high school diploma.|Yes, but in any cashier related job, an individual is trained to detect acts of thefts... I understand what you're saying, but its almost saying that a security guard is trained to spot potential robbers.|I see, well most teller jobs require experience with handling cash and a high school diploma.|I guess you're right. Considering most teller jobs require experience with handling cash and a high school diploma.|Hmm perhaps.  I understand that to be hired as a teller, one needs cash handling experience, and a secondary school diploma.
Median annual earnings as of May 2006 were $22,140.|Yup. Seems that most Bank Tellers needs more than 2+ years of handling cash transactions to qualify for an interview.|I see, well the median annual earnings were $22,140 as of May 2006.|Kind of an old fact, but the median annual earnings as of May 2006 were $22,140 for a bank teller.|Oh really?  I happen to know that median annual earnings were $22,140 in May 2006.
The Chevrolet Corvette, known colloquially as the Vette or Chevy Corvette, is a sports car manufactured by Chevrolet.|What do you know about the Chevrolet Corvette?|Well, I know that it's a sports car manufactured by Chevrolet.|The Chevy Corvette, or ''Vette'' as it is knbown, is an iconic American sports car that has been produced for half a century.|Well, I know that is is also called Vetty or Chevy Corvette, and is manufactured by Chevrolet
Released as a single from the album ''1999'' in 1983, the song was his biggest hit at the time, and his first to reach the top 10 in the US, peaking at number six on the ''Billboard'' Hot 100 singles chart.|Do you remember the Prince song Little Red Corvette?|I don't have any, but I know that the song was released in 1983.||Do you mean the song he released in 1983 on his album ''1999''?
Originally built in Flint, Michigan and St. Louis, Missouri, the Corvette is currently manufactured in Bowling Green, Kentucky and is the official sports car of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.|That's right.  Wonder how much a Corvette costs nowadays|I'm not sure, but they were originally built in St. Louis, Missouri and Flint, Michigan.|About 60,000.  The Chevy Corvette is the official sports car of the state of Kentucky;  It is produced in Bowling Green.|I am not sure about that. But I know that it is produced in Bowling Green in Kentucky nowadays
The 1954 model year vehicles could be ordered in Pennant Blue, Sportsman Red, Black, or Polo White; 3,640 were built, and sold slowly.|I didn't know it was produced in Kentucky!  Is the Corvette still a popular car, sales-wise?|I'm not sure, but the 1954 model year cars were sold slowly.|About the same as ever.  In 1953, around 3,640 were produced.  I am certain it is more than that now.|I am not sure about that also. I know that the vehicles from 1954 model year sold slowly and 3640 were built
Three hundred hand-built polo white Corvette convertibles were produced for the 1953 model year.|I'd imagine so!|I see, did you know that the Corvettes were hand-built?|If you see a 1953 white convertible, but it!! Only 300 were produced that year.|Yeah, and in the 1953 year model onl 300 polo white convertible corvettes were built
Radiology is the science that uses medical imaging to diagnose and sometimes also treat diseases within the body.|I don't know much about radiology, but one of my cousins is a radiologist. It must take a lot of studying to qualify to do that job.|Oh, that's nice. Radiology is a science that uses medical imaging to diagnose and also treat diseases.|Radiology is basically science that uses medical imaging.|Hmm I don't know what education is needed for that.   I do know that by using imaging, diseases can be diagnosed and sometimes treated.  Radiology is a science!
A variety of imaging techniques such as X-ray radiography, ultrasound, computed tomography (CT), nuclear medicine including positron emission tomography (PET), and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) are used to diagnose and/or treat diseases.|You mean like x-rays? I've had plenty of those - broken hip.|I'm not sure, but there are a variety of imaging techniques, like ultrasound, X-ray radiography, and computed tomography.||Well there are a variety of imaging techniques, and one is x-ray.
A variety of imaging techniques such as X-ray radiography, ultrasound, computed tomography (CT), nuclear medicine including positron emission tomography (PET), and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) are used to diagnose and/or treat diseases.|What other forms of imaging techniques does a radiologist use?|There are a variety of techniques, like X-ray radiography, ultrasound, computed tomography, and nuclear medicine.||They also use ultrasound and CT.
A variety of imaging techniques such as X-ray radiography, ultrasound, computed tomography (CT), nuclear medicine including positron emission tomography (PET), and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) are used to diagnose and/or treat diseases.|Oh, ok. I've had a CT, but not an ultrasound, I don't think. How long do you have to study in order to qualify?|I'm not sure, but there are a variety of imaging techniques, like X-ray radiography, ultrasound, computed tomography, and nuclear medicine.||I'm not sure, but also CT stands for computed tomography.
A variety of imaging techniques such as X-ray radiography, ultrasound, computed tomography (CT), nuclear medicine including positron emission tomography (PET), and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) are used to diagnose and/or treat diseases.|I didn't know that. Is there a special Radiology school, or do you go to regular medical school?|I'm a bot, so I can't go to a Radiology school. I know there are several imaging techniques, like X-ray radiography, ultrasound, computed tomography, and MRI.|I go to regular medical school to learn how to use PET and CT as well as MRI.|I have no idea!  Oh another technique they use for imaging is the PET.  That stands for positron emission tomography, and it's a type of nuclear medicine.
Yellow is the color between green and orange on the spectrum of visible light.|Yellow is a distinctive color. It is my favorite color|Oh, that's nice. Yellow is between orange and green on the visible light spectrum.|Yellow is the color between green and orange|Oh, that's cool. Did you know it sits between orange and green in the light spectrum?
It is evoked by light with a dominant wavelength of roughly 570590 nm.|I did. I also know it's a primary color in printing systems. Do you happen to know what wavelength it is?|I'm not sure, but I know that it's evoked by light with a dominant wavelength of about 570590 nm.|It is evoked by light|Yes, it is at roughly 570590 nm. Do you have a favorite shade?
It is a primary color in subtractive color systems, used in painting or color printing.|No, I like them all! It's easy to see since it's a primary color for painting or printing.|It's a primary color in subtractive color systems.|It is a primary color in subtractive color system|Yes, that's true. Do you know anything of the history of the color in art?
It is a primary color in subtractive color systems, used in painting or color printing.|Because it was widely available, yellow ochre pigment was one of the first colors used in art.|I see, did you know it is a primary color in subtractive color systems?|It is used for painting and printing|Yes, and as we mentioned, of course, it's a primary color for painting and printing.
They absorb light energy and protect plants from photodamage.|Yellow is the color people most often associate with amusement, gentleness, humor, and spontaneity.|They absorb light energy and protect plants from photodamage.|It absorbs light energy and protects plants|And there are apparently yellow substances that absorb light to protect plants from damage due to light.
Amazon.com, Inc., doing business as Amazon (), is an American electronic commerce and cloud computing company based in Seattle, Washington that was founded by Jeff Bezos on July 5, 1994.|Hi! I really like Amazon.|Cool! Did you know that Jeff Bezos founded it in 1994?|Sure who would not?Amazon is an American electronic commerce and cloud computing company owned by the richest man on planet earth...|Did you know Amazon is located in Seattle and that it has cloud computing?
Amazon Prime is a paid subscription service offered by Amazon.com that gives users access to free two-day delivery (one-day in select areas), streaming video/music and other benefits for a monthly or yearly fee.|They also own the Washington Post, WholeFoods and did I mention about Amazon Prime?|I know that Amazon Prime is a paid subscription service offered by Amazon.com.|Yeah and lots more!Amazon Prime is a paid subscription service offered by Amazon.com that gives users access to free two-day delivery|Indeed. Amazon Prime offers benefits like two-day delivery for free as well as streaming services, all for a time-based fee.
People who live stream their video game play, either by hobby or profession, are known as streamers.|Did you know Amazon Prime also gives you a free month subscription to Twitch Prime?  You can use that to subscribe to your favorite streamers free each month!|I'm not sure, but people who live stream their game play by hobby or profession are known as streamers.|People who live stream their video game play, known as streamers.Its truly a whole new world in high-tech|Streamers are people that play video games as a hobby or as a profession and live stream it.
A stock market, equity market or share market is the aggregation of buyers and sellers (a loose network of economic transactions, not a physical facility or discrete entity) of stocks (also called shares), which represent ownership claims on businesses; these may include ''securities'' listed on a public stock exchange as well as those only traded privately.|Yeah, it's very interesting. I bet the stock market has a field day with Amazon.|I'm not sure, but there are also shares that represent ownership claims on businesses.|Amazon company has equity market or share market is the aggregation of buyers and sellers, known as share holders.|Did you know the stock market is a collection of the buyers and the sellers who deal with stocks.
Alibaba Group Holding Limited () is a Chinese multinational e-commerce, retail, Internet, AI and technology conglomerate founded in 1999 that provides consumer-to-consumer, business-to-consumer and business-to-business sales services via web portals, as well as electronic payment services, shopping search engines and data-centric cloud computing services.|I have not. My friend did mention an Alibaba last time we were talking about the stock market though.|Oh, that's interesting. Alibaba Group Holding Limited is a Chinese multinational e-commerce, retail, Internet, and technology conglomerate.|Do you know of Alibaba Group Holding Limited ,a Chinese multinational e-commerce platform?|Alibaba is a multinational Chinese company that deals with things like retail and AI.
The domestic cat (''Felis silvestris catus'' or ''Felis catus'') is a small, typically furry, carnivorous mammal.|I have a cat! It sounds like meow..|That's nice. Do you have a domestic cat? It's a carnivorous mammal.|The cat is domesticated and furry and eats meat. I like them, too.|Cool, do you?  I know that they are usually carniverous, and furry.
They are often called house cats when kept as indoor pets or simply cats when there is no need to distinguish them from other felids and felines.|There's some other terms for cats, right?|They are called house cats when they are kept as indoor pets.|Those are not house cats, which are smaller and domesticated.|Well when kept as pets they tend to be called house cats.  This distinguishes them from other felines and felids.
They are often valued by humans for companionship and for their ability to hunt vermin.|OK ,are there different breeds of cats like dogs?|I'm not sure, but they are valued by humans for their companionship and for their ability to hunt vermin.|Yes, there are many. They are valued by humans and kept as well to take care of vermin.|Um I'm not sure, but I do know that people value them for hunting vermin and for companionship.
There are more than seventy cat breeds recognized by various cat registries.|Hmm.  Do you know anything at all about breeds?|Yes, there are over 70 breeds of cat recognized by cat registries.|There are over seventy breeds of cats. Vermin include rats and such.|Oh, well I know that cat registries recognize more than 70 breeds!
They can see in near darkness.|What's your favorite cat cartoon?|I'm a bot, so I don't have favorites. I know that cats can see in near darkness.|Cats can see well and near in the darkness. My favorite cartoon is Dexter's Lab.|Oh I don't watch cartoons, sorry.  I'm just a bot.  A fun fact for you though: cats can see even in near darkness!
Obsessive–compulsive disorder (OCD) is a mental disorder where people feel the need to check things repeatedly, perform certain routines repeatedly (called ''rituals''), or have certain thoughts repeatedly.|Hi. I've heard there are two parts to OCD, thoughts and actions, is this true?|I'm not sure, but I know that it's a mental disorder where people have certain thoughts and checks repeatedly.|Kind of. OCD is a mental disorder where people feel the need to check things repeatedly, perform certain routines repeatedly, or have certain thoughts repeatedly.|I don't know. I do know that it is a disorder in which people feel like they must constantly check on things or perform certain rituals, or just have certain thoughts over and over.
Common activities include hand washing, counting of things, and checking to see if a door is locked.|What are some examples of the thoughts or routines?|I'm not sure, but common activities include counting things, hand washing, and checking to see if a door is locked.||Routines are often simple things like repetitive hand washing, counting things, and checking to see if a door is locked.
Most adults realize that the behaviors do not make sense.|Is there a component of people with OCD thinking bad things will happen if they stop.|I'm not sure, but most adults realize that the behaviors don't make sense.|I'm not sure. Most adults with OCD realize that their behaviors don't make sense, so if it is a fear of bad things happening it is subconscious.|I'm not sure. Most adults with OCD realize that their behaviors don't make sense, though.
Intrusive thoughts may also be associated with episodic memory, unwanted worries or memories from OCD, posttraumatic stress disorder, other anxiety disorders, eating disorders, or psychosis.|Did you experience that or not?|I'm a bot, so I can't experience it. I know that it can be associated with things like anxiety disorders, eating disorders, or psychosis.|I have never experienced OCD myself, but I have experienced intrusive thoughts, which is something that can be associated with OCD and a number of other anxiety/stress disorders.|I'm a bot, so can't experience these things. I do know that some people suffer from intrusive thoughts due to OCD.
Chocolate is a typically sweet, usually brown food preparation of ''Theobroma cacao'' seeds, roasted and ground.|I like chocolate what  of you|I'm a bot, so I can't eat. I know that chocolate is made from the seeds of Theobroma cacao.|I love chocolate! It is a sweet, brown food prepared from cacao seeds.|I really can't say.  I have never eaten it, I'm a bot.  It's a sweet brown food made of roasted and ground cacao seeds, right?
Once the cocoa mass is liquefied by heating, it is called chocolate liquor.|Yes!  Do you know anything about how it's made?|I know that once the cocoa mass is liquefied by heating, it is called chocolate liquor.|When the beans are liquefied through heating, that is called chocolate liquor. Cocoa is used for many things.|Well they heat the cocoa mass to liquify it, and it becomes chocolate liquor.
Like the cocoa beans (nibs) from which it is produced, it contains both cocoa solids and cocoa butter in roughly equal proportion.|Tell me more about chocolate  liquor|Well, I know that it contains cocoa butter and cocoa solids in roughly equal proportion|Sure, it contains cocoa solids and cocoa butter in equal proportions. It is solid or semi-solid.|Sure, it contains cocoa butter and cocoa solids in equal proportion, roughly speaking.
Baking chocolate, also called bitter chocolate, contains cocoa solids and cocoa butter in varying proportions, without any added sugars.|Hmm okay.  I've always wondered what baking chocolate is, do you know?|I know that baking chocolate has cocoa butter and cocoa solids in varying proportions, without any added sugars.|Baking chocolate contains cocoa solids without any added sugar. It is used to make cakes and brownies.|Oh sure!  It has varying proportions of cocoa butter and cocoa solids, with no added sugars.
Skateboarding is an action sport which involves riding and performing tricks using a skateboard.|I've never tried skateboarding. Is it dangerous?|I'm not sure, but it's an action sport that involves riding a skateboard and performing tricks.|Skateboarding seems very dangerous, especially when trying to perform tricks using a skateboard.|I can't speak to how dangerous it is, but it is a sport with lots of action, and involves performing tricks with a skateboard. Are you interested in trying it?
Since the 1970s, skateparks have been constructed specifically for use by skateboarders, Freestyle BMXers, aggressive skaters, and very recently, scooters.|Maybe, how long has it been around?|I'm not sure, but skateparks have been constructed specifically for skateboarders, aggressive skaters, and even scooters.|Skateboarding has been around for decades, but in the 1970s they started constructing skateparks so people could use skateboards, scooters, and bmx bikes on them.|I don't know how long skateboarding itself has been around, but skateparks have been around since the 1970s, and also get used by BMXers, skates, and scooter riders. What else would you like to know?
A 2009 report found that the skateboarding market is worth an estimated $4.8 billion in annual revenue with 11.08 million active skateboarders in the world.|Are there any famous ones?|I'm not sure, but a 2009 report found that the skateboarding market is worth about 4.8 billion dollars in annual revenue.|Tony Hawk is one of the most famous skateboarders, there are over 11.08 million active skateboarders in the world! So many people.|I don't know of any, but it is a $4.8 billion business with over 11 million skateboarders worldwide.
Skateboarding has been shaped and influenced by many skateboarders throughout the years.|Oh wow. Should I wear a helmet?|I'm not sure, but many skateboarders have been influenced by skateboarding over the years.|I think so if you are just beginning, skateboarding has been influenced by so many skateboarders through the years, and I'm sure they advocate safety first.|I don't know, but I do know that there have been many skateboarders who have influenced the sport over the years.
In 1993, Sparks wrote his breakthrough novel The Notebook in his spare time while selling pharmaceuticals in Washington, D.C.. Two years later, his novel was discovered by literary agent Theresa Park who offered to represent him.|I've heard Nicholas Sparks is a great writer but i'm not sure if i've ever read any of his books|I'm not sure, but his breakthrough novel was called The Notebook.|He's most well known for his best selling novel The Notebook, perhaps you've heard of it, but never read it?|Well, his first popular novel was The Notebook. Have you heard of that one?
The novel was published in October 1996 and made the ''New York Times'' best-seller list in its first week of release.|Oh, i've watched a movie it was great|It was published in 1996 and made the New York Times' best-seller list in its first week of release.|I've never seen it, but I've heard good reviews about it. The book was quite popular, it made New York Times best-seller list in its first week of release.|Yes, the novel came out in 1996, and was a best seller in the first week.
Sparks was born in Omaha, Nebraska and wrote his first novel, ''The Passing'', in 1985, while a student at the University of Notre Dame.|how cool! it was a very good movie! i cried a lot! I wanna know more about this autor|He wrote his first novel, ''The Passing'', in 1985.||Well just some background, he was born in Omaha, Nebraska and wrote his first novel in 1985 while he was a student at the University of Notre Dame.
Sparks was born in Omaha, Nebraska and wrote his first novel, ''The Passing'', in 1985, while a student at the University of Notre Dame.|wow, do you know the name of his first novel?|He was born in Omaha, Nebraska.|Yes it was called The Passing, though his first published work didn't come until 1990.|Yes, I do! It was called The Passing, and he wrote it in 1985.
His first published work came in 1990, when he co-wrote with Billy Mills ''Wokini: A Lakota Journey to Happiness and Self-Understanding'', which sold approximated 50,000 copies in its first year.|what was the passing about?|I'm not sure, but his first published work came out in 1990.|I'm not sure to be honest I've never read it. His first published book was called Wokini: A Lakota Journey to Happiness and Self-Understanding just for reference.|I'm not sure, to be honest. His first published item was in 1990, and was co-written with a man named Billy Mills.
The Chinese man was asked what he was doing and replied, ''I holly-wood,'' meaning 'hauling wood.'|Hollywood seems like such a strange place to me.  Never been though so what do I know!|I know that the Chinese man asked him what he was doing and said ''I holly-wood,'' meaning ''hauling wood''.|Me neither. The name actually comes from a Chinese man who said ''hauling wood.''|I see. Well it has a strange origin story. Supposedly the name comes from a Chinese man who said he was hauling wood.
According to the diary of H. J. Whitley, known as the ''Father of Hollywood,'' on his honeymoon in 1886 he stood at the top of the hill looking out over the valley.|No way.  Are you kidding?|I'm a bot, so I can't really say. I know that he stood at the top of the hill looking out over the valley.||Nope, the name was coined by HJ Whitley also known as the ''Father of Hollywood.''
According to the diary of H. J. Whitley, known as the ''Father of Hollywood,'' on his honeymoon in 1886 he stood at the top of the hill looking out over the valley.|Why was he the father of hollywood?  Film guy?|I'm not sure, but he was on his honeymoon in 1886.|No, he was the guy who talked to the Chinese man, which happened in 1886.|I don't know, but the story goes in 1886 he was standing on a hill overlooking the valley.
The area was known as the Cahuenga Valley, after the pass in the Santa Monica Mountains immediately to the north.|Geez, what else don't I know?  Make me feel more stupid, ha.|Well, the area was known as the Cahuenga Valley, after the pass in the Santa Monica Mountains immediately to the north.||Well the area was initially known as the Cahuenga Valley after a pass in the Santa Monica mountains.
Due in part to an agreeable climate, Santa Monica became a famed resort town by the early 20th century.|Must have been an interesting land.|I see, did you know that Santa Monica became a resort town in the early 1900s?||Yup, today it is a famed resort town due to its climate.
Blond (male), blonde (female), or fair hair, is a hair color characterized by low levels of the dark pigment eumelanin.|To be honest, I am more attracted to blonde hair than brown or dark|Oh, blonde? I know that blonde hair is characterized by low levels of eumelanin.|I am actually a blonde. Blonde hair comes from low levels of the pigment eumelanin?|Interesting. Did you know that the blond hair is characterized by levels of the eumelanin pigment that are low?
On the Fischer–Saller scale, blond color ranges from A (light blond) to O (dark blond).|I am not really knowledgeable about it scientific aspect, but there is something in it that makes me feel compelled to its beauty|That's nice. On the Fischer-Saller scale, the color ranges from light blond to dark blond.|I know a lot about it, strangely. There's a Fischer-Scale that ranges from A to O, light blonde to dark blonde. Mine is an A shade.|I see. Have you ever heard of the Fischer-Saller scale? On it, the color blonde ranges from A to O
The word ''blond'' is first documented in English in 1481 and derives from Old French ''blund, blont'', meaning ''a colour midway between golden and light chestnut''.|I never heard of the. It is very interesting to know about the evolutionary reasoning behind blond hair|Well, I know that the word "blond" was first documented in English in 1481.|The term blonde was first used in 1481 from old French ''blund''|Yeah. The term blond was actually only documented in english for the first time in 1481, it comes from Old French
It gradually eclipsed the native term ''fair'', of same meaning, from Old English ''fæġer'', causing ''fair'' later to become a general term for ''light complexioned''.|I will not be surprised if its history is tied to France as this country along with its people are considered romantic|I'm not sure, but it eclipsed the native term ''fair'' from Old English ''fer'' and later became a general term for ''light complexioned''.|I think so. People tend to be attracted to my blonde hair, though originally blonde was just referring to fairness.|I agree. Fair is actually a native term  and later became a term used generally for light complexioned
This earlier use of ''fair'' survives in the proper name Fairfax, from Old English ''fæġer-feahs'' meaning ''blond hair''.|Really? Wow, that is truly interesting fact. So does that mean people with blonde hair are ought to be expected to be fair by the society?|I'm not sure, but the word fair is from Fairfax, the Old English word for "fer-feahs" meaning "blond hair".|I think in this case, fair means light. They used to call it ''fæġer-feahs''.|I can't confirm you that. All I know that the name fairfax means blond hair
The Technomancer is an action role-playing video game, developed by Spiders and published by Focus Home Interactive.|I'm into the game Technomancer, what about you?|I'm a bot, so I can't play video games. I know it's a role-playing game.|I love action role-playing video game but not Technomancer|I don't play videogames as a bot. Do you know about the developers and publishers? They're called Spiders and Focus Home Interactive respectively.
A role-playing video game (commonly referred to as role-playing game or RPG, as well as computer role-playing game or CRPG) is a video game genre where the player controls the actions of a character (and/or several party members) immersed in some well-defined world.|No I haven't, those sort of things don't really interest me. You know, I keep hearing and seeing rpg thrown around but don't really know why it's called that.|I'm not sure, but a role-playing video game is where the player controls the actions of a character.|I like A role-playing video game|Well, a rpg stands for role-playing video game. It is a type of genre in video games that has a well-defined world for the players to play in.
For example, an action game can be classified into many subgenres such as platform games and fighting games.|Oh I sorta get it now. Can genres be different but only slightly?|I'm not sure, but action games can be classified into various subgenres, like platform games and fighting games.|It is an an action game|Yes they can! So for example have you heard of the action game genre? Well, platforming and fighting genre games would be subgenres to action.
The action-adventure video game genre includes video games that combine core elements from the action and adventure genres.|Oh really is there anything else about genre you can tell me?|The action-adventure video game genre includes video games that combine core elements from the action and adventure genres.|I love it because it combine core elements from the action and adventure genres.|Yes, there are genres that are combinations of each other. For example, action-adventure is the combination of each genre together. This combined genre has key elements from each different genre within it.
An adventure game is a video game in which the player assumes the role of a protagonist in an interactive story driven by exploration and puzzle-solving.|I see, what's the difference between action and adventure?|I'm not sure, but adventure games are video games where the player is a protagonist.|I love adventure game too|Adventure games has a player play a protagonist. It features an engaging story and has stuff like exploring and puzzles.
Barbershop vocal harmony, as codified during the barbershop revival era (1930s–present), is a style of a cappella close harmony, or unaccompanied vocal music, characterized by consonant four-part chords for every melody note in a predominantly homophonic texture.|I enjoy barbershop music!  Do you enjoy it as well?|I'm a bot, so I can't listen to music. I know it's a cappella close harmony style.|I have never been into a vocal music.|I am a bot so no music preferences for me. But I know some fact about barbershop vocals, it is style of unaccompanied vocal music
Barbershop vocal harmony, as codified during the barbershop revival era (1930s–present), is a style of a cappella close harmony, or unaccompanied vocal music, characterized by consonant four-part chords for every melody note in a predominantly homophonic texture.|That's right. What else do you know ?|Well, I also know that barbershop vocal harmony is characterized by a predominantly homophonic texture.||I believe it started in the 1930s.
Bon Iver ( Bone-ee-VARE) is an American indie folk band founded in 2006 by singer-songwriter Justin Vernon.|That is forever ago!  Who are some of the more familiar singers in the genre?|I'm not sure, but Justin Vernon founded Bon Iver in 2006.|One of them is Bon Iver.|I am not sure. But I know Bor Iver, which is a folk band founded by Justin Vernon in 2006
Bon Iver ( Bone-ee-VARE) is an American indie folk band founded in 2006 by singer-songwriter Justin Vernon.|Really?  What era was he performing in?|I'm not sure, but Justin Vernon founded Bon Iver in 2006.|They started in 2006.|I am not sure about the era, but I know the band started in 2006
It lies between violet and green on the spectrum of visible light.|Blue is such a beautiful color|That's nice. Blue lies between green and violet on the visible light spectrum.|it is! It makes me feel so relaxed. It lies between violet and green|That's nice. Did you know it lies between green and violet on the light spectrum?
Color psychology is the study of hues as a determinant of human behavior.|green is my favorite color|Oh, cool! Color psychology is the study of hues as a determinant of human behavior.|i like green as well. Have you ever heard about color psychology? it's a study of hues as a determinant of human behavior|Oh, that's nice. Have you ever heard about color psychology? It involves studying colors to see how they affect human behavior.
Color influences perceptions that are not obvious, such as the taste of food.|i've heard about it but don't know much. wanna share ?|I'm not sure, but color influences perceptions that are not obvious, like the taste of food.||sure! Color influences perceptions that are not obvious such as the taste of food
Colour can indeed influence a person; however, it is important to remember that these effects differ between people.|so some colors could make us feel a certain way?|I'm not sure, but I know that the effects can differ between people.|yes! Colors can influence a person however a lot depends on factors such as gender age or culture|Yes! Colors can influence a person, but the effects can differ depending on the person.
In a larger sense, there are also fish steaks, ground meat steaks, pork steak and many more varieties of steaks.|One of my favorite foods is a nice steak with wine|Oh, nice! Do you like fish steaks, ground meat steaks, or pork steak?||Which type of steak are you talking about as we have fish steaks, ground meat steaks, pork steak and many more varieties of steaks.
Pork is one of the most commonly consumed meats in the world.|Typically I would go with a meat or pork type steak.  I love bacon wrapped pork chops|Oh, that's nice. Pork is one of the most consumed meats in the world.|Definitely. Everyone like pork. It is  one of the most commonly consumed meats in the world.|Sounds good. Pork is actually very commonly consumed around the world
Steaks are usually grilled, but they can be pan-fried, or broiled.|I know some religions don't eat pork though.|I see, did you know that pork can be broiled or pan-fried?|Of course yes, I know that. Which process do you adopt when making your steak. Do you rather grill it or  pan-fried, or broiled.|I don't have many information about that. Now back to steak, do you grill, broil or pan-fry yours ?
Steak can also be cooked in sauce, such as in steak and kidney pie, or minced and formed into patties, such as hamburgers.|I tried pan fried, but I filled the house with smoke and set the smoke detectors off. Now its just grilling for me!|Oh, that's nice. Did you know steak can be made into patties, like hamburgers?|Sometimes you can cook it in sauce too such as  in steak and kidney pie, or minced and formed into patties, such as hamburgers and i know by that you will not set your smoke detector on|I see. did you know that it can also be done in sauce or even minced and made into patties?
For some meats, such as pork, lamb and mutton, chevon and veal, these cuts are often referred to as chops.|Oh thats good to know, maybe I will try that next time.  I usually use sauces on it after its finished cooking|I see, did you know that chops are sometimes called chops for meats like pork, lamb, mutton, chevon and veal?||In case you need some extra name to call your steak, you can say chops if you are using some meats, such as pork, lamb and mutton, chevon and veal
All species are native to the Americas, where they inhabit a variety of different environments.|I live in the South where I see dead Armadillos on the road quite often.|That's nice. All of them are native to the Americas.|Me too. I see that all the time. All species of armadillo are native to the Americas, so we wouldn't be having this conversation if we were European.|I see, that's probably because armadillos are native to North and South America. Is there anything else you'd like to know about them?
About nine extant genera and 21 extant species of armadillo have been described, some of which are distinguished by the number of bands on their armour.|I have heard that they may be carriers of several different diseases that are harmful to people.|I'm not sure, but there are 21 extant species of armadillo.|I've heard that too, though that's probably the case only with certain species, of which there are at least 21 extant.|I don't know about that, but I know there are 21 species of armadillo, distinguished by how many bands are on their armor. Do you know which species is out your way?
It is one of Florida's three directional regions, along with North Florida and South Florida.|No, but I have a story from high school.  I lived in Central Florida and our science teacher picked up one off the road and cooked it in the class so he could save the skeleton.|That's nice. It's one of Florida's three directional regions.|Wow, that's dedication! Where in Central Florida? I've spent more time in South Florida, since my in-laws live there.|Wow, that's dedication! Where in Central Florida are you from? Do you ever get to North or South Florida?
Lakeland is a city in Polk County, Florida, located along Interstate 4 east of Tampa.|I lived in Lakeland. I've been all over Florida. As for the teacher, he used it as a teaching aid, but it made a terrible smell throughout the building while he was cooking it.|Oh, that's nice. It's a city in Polk County, Florida.|That's east of Tampa, right? I bet that teacher got in trouble with the administrators.|Oh, OK, so East of Tampa. Did anything happen to the teacher?
The Communist Party USA (CPUSA) is a communist political party in the United States.|my father was a member of the communist party|Oh, that's nice. The Communist Party USA is a communist political party in the US.||The Communist Party USA or another country?
The history of the Communist Party USA is deeply rooted in the history of the American labor movement.|The Communist Party USA or another country ,Not sure unless you tell me where  they practice communism|I'm not sure, but the history of the Communist Party USA is deeply rooted in the American labor movement's history.|In the United States, for example, the Communist Party USA was rooted in the labor movement early on.|I don't know the other countries, but Communist Party USA was involved in the labor movement.
Communists played critical roles in the earliest struggles to organize American workers into unions, as well as the later civil rights movements and anti-war movements.|I see, who was or is the father of communism?|I'm not sure, but Communists played critical roles in the earliest struggles to organize American workers into unions.||I can't recall his name but Communists played critical roles in early struggles with unions.
In political and social sciences, communism (from Latin '''', ''common, universal'') is the philosophical, social, political and economic ideology and movement whose ultimate goal is the establishment of the communist society, which is a socioeconomic order structured upon the common ownership of the means of production and the absence of social classes, money and the state.|So is communism a system of government ?|I'm not sure, but it's a political and social ideology.|No, communism is more of a philosophical, social, political and economic ideaology.  Some communists have been in government though.|No, communism is of a political or economic ideology predicated on common ownership of means of production.
McDonald's is a fast food company that was founded in 1940 as a restaurant operated by Richard and Maurice McDonald, in San Bernardino, California, United States.|I really love McDonald's. They have some really good food, Do you know about them?|Yes, they were founded in 1940.|Oh yeah the golden arches? Richard and Maurice McDonald opened the first one in the 40's in San Bernardino, California.|Yes I do, I know that it was established in 1940 in San Bernardino
They rechristened their business as a hamburger stand.|Wow way back in the 40's? Thats wild. What kind of food did they have back then, was it the same stuff served today at McDonald's?|I'm not sure, but they rechristened their business as a hamburger stand.|Well first they opened as just a restaurant, but later re branded to a hamburger stand.  I doubt back then the food looked anything like what it does today though.|I am not sure about the food back then, but I know that the business was rechristened as a stand for hamburguers
Ronald McDonald is a clown character used as the primary mascot of the McDonald's fast-food restaurant chain.|Thats true I bet now they use more processed stuff. Was Ronald McDonald still around when they opened?|I'm not sure, but he's used as the mascot of McDonald's fast food chain.|Not when they opened.  Ronald was only used as a mascot after they became known as a fast food chain.|I can't confirm that. Do you like Ronald Mcdonald the mascot of mcDonald's?
McDonald's is the world's largest restaurant chain by revenue, serving over 69 million customers daily in over 100 countries across approximately 36,900 outlets as of 2016.|I love him. What else do you know about McDonald's?|Well, I also know that McDonald's serves over 69 million customers daily in over 100 countries.|Micky D's is the largest restaurant chain in the world.  It has almost 40 thousand outlets in over 100 countries as of 2016.|Well, I also know that it had almost 40 thousand outlets in 2016 and were serving more that 69000000 customers daily
The first time a McDonald's franchise used the Golden Arches logo was in 1953 at a location in Phoenix, Arizona.|Wow that is a lot! I never knew that, Any other cool facts you know about McDonald's?|Yes, the first time they used the Golden Arches logo was in 1953.|Lol literally a thousand.  For one though, the actual golden arches logo wasn't used until 1953, at a spot in Phoenix, Arizona.|I know that the actual golden arches logo wasn't used until 1953, in Phoenix, Arizona.
Austin () is the capital of the U.S. state of Texas and the seat of Travis County, with portions extending into Hays and Williamson counties.|i have heard so much about Austin, Texas? what can you tell me about these beautiful city?|Austin is the capital of Texas and the seat of Travis County.||I have heard of Austin as well, it's the capital of Texas.
Austin () is the capital of the U.S. state of Texas and the seat of Travis County, with portions extending into Hays and Williamson counties.|what is it located|It is the capital of Texas and the seat of Travis County.||Austin is located in the state of Texas. It covers Travis County but also extends to Hays and Williamson counties.
It is the 11th-most populous city in the United States and the 4th-most populous city in Texas.|what more do you know?|Well, I also know that Texas is the 4th most populated city in the US.|I'd say that Austin is a big city, the 11th mos populace in the US and 4th most populous in Texas.|Well, I also know that it is the fourth city with the most population in Texas
It is the fastest growing large city in the United States, the second most populous state capital after Phoenix, Arizona, and the southern-most state capital in the contiguous 48 states.|that's big|That's nice. It's the US' fastest growing large city.||I agree, it is also considered to be the fastest growing large city in the USA.
Paintings can be naturalistic and representational (as in a still life or landscape painting), photographic, abstract, narrative, symbolistic (as in Symbolist art), emotive (as in Expressionism), or political in nature (as in Artivism).|I love to paint even though my talent is not the greatest.|Do you paint in a still life painting, or in a landscape painting?|That's a great talent.  Painting is so interesting and can be naturalistic, photographic, abstract, etc.|That's interesting, do you have a particular style you paint in, like nature, photographic, abstract, etc?
The medium is commonly applied to the base with a brush, but other implements, such as knives, sponges, and airbrushes, can be used.|Not really, I'm still working on my technique. Do you have any tips on the best paint to use?|I don't have any advice on that. I know that brushing is used to apply the medium to the base.||Not sure about paint but you can applies with a brush, knive, sponge or even an airbrush.
Plasterwork refers to construction or ornamentation done with plaster, such as a layer of plaster on an interior or exterior wall structure, or plaster decorative moldings on ceilings or walls.|I Love the way sponge painting looks. I actually used that technique to paint bathroom walls.|Nice, do you use plaster to decorate your walls or ceilings?|Plasterwork such as a layer of plaster on a wall would work well too.|That's cool. In a related note, have you ever done any plasterwork, like making ornamental moldings on walls?
A portion of the history of painting in both Eastern and Western art is dominated by spiritual motifs and ideas.|No, that's way out of my expertise! But what else can you tell me about painting?|Well, I also know that a portion of the history of painting in art is dominated by spiritual motifs and ideas.||Hmm, some history of painting is dominated by spiritual motifs and ideas.
A veterinary physician, usually called a vet, which is shortened from veterinarian (American English, Australian English) or veterinary surgeon (British English), is a professional who practices veterinary medicine by treating diseases, disorders, and injuries in animals.|Hey there, what do you know about being a veterinary physician|Well, I know that they treat diseases, disorders, and injuries in animals.||Well, there's the basics of course -- basically a professional who practices veterinary medicine by treating animals....aka a ''vet''! Do you know any?
These veterinarians may be involved in a general practice, treating animals of all types; they may be specialized in a specific group of animals such as companion animals, livestock, zoo animals or equines; or may specialize in a narrow medical discipline such as surgery, dermatology or internal medicine .|I have owned dogs before and now have a cat so I do come into contact with them but I wouldn't say I personally know any of them.|I see, do you specialize in a specific animal group?|We've used them for dogs too -- but of course they can specialize in all *sorts* of animals -- like companion animals, livestock, zoo animals, horses....all of our furry friends we love so much.|I see. They can specialize in all *sorts* of animals -- like companion animals, livestock, animals in zoos, the list goes on.
For instance, in the United Kingdom, as in other jurisdictions, animal treatment may only be performed by registered veterinary physicians (with a few designated exceptions, such as paraveterinary workers), and it is illegal for any person who is not registered to call themselves a veterinarian or prescribe any treatment.|Do you know how much schooling it takes to become a Vet and the difficulty of the schooling?|I'm not sure, but in the UK, animal treatment can only be performed by registered veterinary physicians.|That's a great question! I also wonder if other countries demand *more* education -- for instance, in the UK, animal treatment *must* be performed by a registered vet and it's illegal for anyone who isn't registered to call themselves one or prescribe treatment.|I don't know that, but I do know that in the UK, animal treatment can only be done by registered vets. It's illegal to call yourself a veterinarian if you aren't registered.
These veterinarians may be involved in a general practice, treating animals of all types; they may be specialized in a specific group of animals such as companion animals, livestock, zoo animals or equines; or may specialize in a narrow medical discipline such as surgery, dermatology or internal medicine .|If medical school is different in different countries then the schooling to become a Vet is different as well for sure.  I also wonder if they specialize and how many specializations there are.|I'm not sure, but they can specialize in a specific group of animals, like livestock, zoo animals, or equines.||They do! No idea of how many specialties, but I do know there are specialists in surgery, dermatology, and internal medicine.
The tiny house movement (also known as the ''small house movement'') is a description for the architectural and social movement that advocates living simply in small homes.|My house is only 300 square feet.  I love having a tiny house!|Oh, neat! Did you know that the tiny house movement advocates living in small homes?||That is awesome! You must support the tiny house movement which advocates for living in tiny homes! :)
Sarah Susanka has been credited with starting the recent countermovement toward smaller houses when she published ''The Not So Big House'' (1997).|Yes I do, do you know a lot about it?|Yes, she started the recent countermovement toward smaller houses in 1997.||Yes I do, Sarah Susanka actually started the movement after she published her novel in 1997
There is currently no set definition as to what constitutes as a tiny house; however, a residential structure under is generally accepted to be a tiny home.|Its not that old of a movement then.  What is the average size of a tiny home?|I'm not sure, but there's no set definition for what constitutes as a tiny house.|I am not sure as there is no set definition right now o what a tiny house is however, a residential structure under is generally accepted to be a tiny home.|I am not sure, since there is no set definition. Basically any house under a certain size is considered a tiny house.
Tiny houses on wheels were also popularized by Jay Shafer who designed and lived in a 96 sq ft house and later went on to offer the first plans for tiny houses on wheels, initially founding Tumbleweed Tiny House Company, and then Four Lights Tiny House Company (September 6, 2012).|Oh ok, it seems like they work best for small families or single people.|I see, did you know Jay Shafer popularized tiny houses on wheels?||Yeah, there are also tiny houses on wheels which are 96sq ft in size!
A Wisconsin producer, Escape Homes was founded in 1993.|That is very tiny there.|Yeah, Escape Homes was founded in 1993.|Yes they are, there are also Escape Homes which were founded in 1993.|Interesting! There is also a producer called Escape Homes, which started in 1993.
A computer repair technician is a person who repairs and maintains computers and servers.|I am knowledgeable in IT so my friends always ask me to fix their computer.|Oh, that's nice. Computer repair technicians are people who maintain and repairs computers.||Are you a computer technician, someone who repairs and maintains computers?
Because of the relatively brief existence of the profession, institutions offer certificate and degree programs designed to prepare new technicians, but computer repairs are frequently performed by experienced and certified technicians who have little formal training in the field like private sectors   A repair technician might work in a corporate information technology department, a central service center, or a retail computer sales environment.|I do not do it for a living but I apparently do it for all of my friends!|Oh, neat! Did you know that computer repairs are usually done by certified technicians?|Well maybe you should go into it as a profession. There are lots of institutions that offer certificate and degree programs.|There are institutions that give certificates and degrees to for new ones.
Computer technicians work in a variety of settings, encompassing both the public and private sectors.|I wouldn't go back unless I knew the areas I'm working in.|I see, well they work in a variety of settings, both in the public and private sectors.||As a computer technician, you can work in a variety of settings, like public and private sectors.
Experienced technicians might specialize in fields such as data recovery, system administration, or information systems.|Yes.  I worked in the private sector but was on call 24x7|Ah, OK. Experienced technicians can specialize in things like data recovery, system administration, or information systems.|Oh ok! Was it specialized? I know experienced technicians can specialize in specific areas.|I see. There are also specializations in the field for things like data recovery and system administration.
Unix (; trademarked as UNIX) is a family of multitasking, multiuser computer operating systems that derive from the original AT&T Unix, development starting in the 1970s at the Bell Labs research center by Ken Thompson, Dennis Ritchie, and others.|I would probably do Unix based specialization jobs, can you tell me anything about it?|Sure, it's a multitasking, multiuser computer operating system.|Unix still confuses me. I know its development started in the 1970s in Bell Labs but that's about it.|It came from AT&T Unix and development began in the 70s at Bell Labs.
Vegetarianism may be adopted for various reasons.|I never understood how people can be vegans. Meat is amazing!|I see, did you know that vegetarianism can be adopted for various reasons?|I know, what are the various reasons that make people become vegetarians?|Well, there are various reason why one may adopt vegetarianism
Vegetarianism is the practice of abstaining from the consumption of meat (red meat, poultry, seafood, and the flesh of any other animal), and may also include abstention from by-products of animal slaughter.|Honestly, I think it might because of animal cruelty? What do you think?|I don't have an opinion about it, what I know is that vegetarianism involves abstaining from eating meat.|Not sure but the idea of abstaining from meat, seafood and poultry is foreign to me|I am not sure about that. But I do know that it is about abstaining from meat and sometimes also from by-products of animals
Such ethical motivations have been codified under various religious beliefs, as well as animal rights advocacy.|Yeah, I agree. Could it also be a political to not eat meat?|I'm not sure, but I know that ethical motivations have been codified under religious beliefs.|Maybe> In some cases I know it is religious and others its animal rights advocacy|I am not sure about that also. In some cases I know the motivation is religious and others its animal rights advocacy
Other motivations for vegetarianism are health-related, political, environmental, cultural, aesthetic, economic, or personal preference.|Such a foreign concept to me. Do you know when the idea was even created?|I'm not sure, but vegetarianism has motivations like health, environmental, cultural, and economic.||I don't but I know some people make that decision because of health-related issues or personal preference
There are variations of the diet as well: an ovo-lacto vegetarian diet includes both eggs and dairy products, an ovo-vegetarian diet includes eggs but not dairy products, and a lacto-vegetarian diet includes dairy products but not eggs.|I just don't get it. For example, is it based on meat or protein? Because if a vegan eats nuts, that's protein!|I'm not sure, but there are variations in the diet, like ovo-lacto, which includes both eggs and dairy products.|The variations are confusing some eat dairy but not eggs?|Well, I know that the diet varies. One can be ovo-lacto vegetarian, ovo-vegetarian or lacto-vegetarian
Toyota is the world's market leader in sales of hybrid electric vehicles, and one of the largest companies to encourage the mass-market adoption of hybrid vehicles across the globe.|hello I like toyota cars and own one|Oh, nice. Toyota is the world's leader in hybrid electric vehicles sales.|Toyota's are good cars. They are the market leader now in hybrid electric car sales.|Oh really? Did you know Toyota is also the leader of hybrid electric vehicle sales? They are also advocating for hybrid vehicles adoption.
Cumulative global sales of Toyota and Lexus hybrid passenger car models achieved the 10 million milestone in January 2017.|No, I haven't heard about that. I bet they're selling a lot of cars if they can say that.|I'm not sure, but they've been selling more than 10 million cars in 2017.|Yes, Toyota and Lexus hybrid cars were able to achieve a 10 million mark back in January 2017, so they are becoming more popular.|Yeah, they got 10 million sales of their hybrid Toyota and Lexus car models. This was achieved in the first month of 2017 as well.
Toyota Motor Corporation produces vehicles under five brands, including the Toyota brand, Hino, Lexus, Ranz, and Daihatsu.|that many hybrids,  you know I do not think I ever seen a Lexus hybrid, only Toyota|I see, did you know Toyota produces vehicles under five brands?|Yes, I just recently found that out too. Toyota produces automobiles under five brands. They're Toyota (obviously), Hino, Lexus, Ranz, daihatsu. Although, I imagine a couple of those are more familiar in other countries.|Did you know that Toyota does not just produce Toyota and Lexus? Have you heard of its other three brands? They're called Daihatsu, Hino, and Ranz.
It also holds a 16.66% stake in Subaru Corporation, a 5.9% stake in Isuzu, as well as joint-ventures with two in China (GAC Toyota and Sichuan FAW Toyota Motor), one in India (Toyota Kirloskar), one in the Czech Republic (TPCA), along with several ''nonautomotive'' companies.|never heard of them but the name daihatsu seems familiar|Isuzu, Toyota also has a 5.9% stake in them.|They also hold around 15% stake in Subaru Corporation, around 6% in Isuzu.|Yeah it's interesting. In addition, have you heard that they own 16.66% of Subaru? Toyota also is involved in companies that don't deal with automotives as well.
Toyota is headquartered in Toyota City, Aichi.|No, that's some really interesting facts to know. Sorta weird how different car companies own stakes in each other though. Where is the headquarters of Toyota?|Toyota's headquarters is in Aichi City.|I'm not sure. But, their headquarters are located in Toyota City, Aichi. Which is quite catchy for them.|The headquarters of Toyota is found in Toyota City, which is located in Aichi.
Veganism is both the practice of abstaining from the use of animal products, particularly in diet, and an associated philosophy that rejects the commodity status of animals.|Veganism is something that I respect but at the same time I just couldn't do it myself.|I see, so you're not aware of the use of animal products, or the philosophy that rejects animals' commodity status?|Veganism is not using either animal products or eating animal products and i dont care for it|I see, veganism involves not eating animals, but also not seeing them as commodities.
A follower of either the diet or the philosophy is known as a vegan ( ).|Yeah, but I love eating meat and drinking milk and all that.|Ah, I see. Are you a follower of the diet or philosophy?|the followers of this type of diet is called a vegan.|I see, well, the followers of the diet are called vegans.
Distinctions are sometimes made between several categories of veganism.|That makes sense. Anything about  veganism that isn't as commonly known?|There are different categories of veganism.||There are multiple categories and distinctions of vegans
The term ''ethical vegan'' is often applied to those who not only follow a vegan diet but extend the philosophy into other areas of their lives, and oppose the use of animals for any purpose.|Are there? What categories are there then?|I'm not sure, but the term is often applied to those who oppose the use of animals for any purpose.|Ethical vegans dont follow the diet but do it for ethical reasons|I only know of one, and that is "ethical vegans". They do the diet, but also oppose using animals for any reason.
There are a number of anxiety disorders: including generalized anxiety disorder, specific phobia, social anxiety disorder, separation anxiety disorder, agoraphobia, panic disorder, and selective mutism.|I was diagnosed with anxiety 3 years ago. Have you dealt with anything like that?|No, I'm a bot, so I can't treat anxiety. I know there are several types of anxiety disorders, like social anxiety disorder, agoraphobia, and selective mutism.|There are a number of anxiety disorders. I do suffer from anxiety myself and it can be very debilitating sometimes.|I am a bot so that is not onw of my features. But I know that there are many anxiety disorders. Some of them are generalized anxiety, specifi phobia, social anxiety, panic disorder and others
There are a number of anxiety disorders: including generalized anxiety disorder, specific phobia, social anxiety disorder, separation anxiety disorder, agoraphobia, panic disorder, and selective mutism.|I have generalized anxiety and social anxiety, I'm always surprised at little things that can be big triggers.|Oh, that's nice. There are a number of anxiety disorders, like specific phobias, and social anxiety disorders.||There are a number of anxiety disorders: such as generalized anxiety disorder, specific phobia, social anxiety disorder, separation anxiety disorder, agoraphobia, panic disorder.
Stammering may be present, along with rapid speech.|I have had panic attacks in the past but thankfully they have lessened recently. I also have OCD which can compound my anxiety.|Do you have a panic attack? It can be present along with rapid speech.|I have social anxiety. It is not fun to go in public and can be triggered by anything.|Yeah, and stammering and rapid speech might be present
Panic attacks can also occur under intense fear and discomfort.|Yes, I went to visit my best friend and his family. There were 20 or so people in the room, all talking at once and I felt incredibly anxious.|Oh, I see. Panic attacks can occur under intense fear and discomfort.|Panic attacks are no fun and can occur under intense fear and discomfort. That is to many people|I see you. Panic attacks can actually happen during those intense fear or discomfort situations
There may be a fear of losing control or chest pain.|I could not hear any one person, just a wall of voices, I had to step away and get some quiet. It can happen among friends and family too.|Oh, that's nice. There may be fear of losing control, or chest pain.|You have to remove yourself from the situation because you have chest pain and you feel like you're going to lose control.|Yeah, chest pain and fear of losing the control might be there as well
The story began as a sequel to Tolkien's 1937 fantasy novel ''The Hobbit'', but eventually developed into a much larger work.|Have you watched the lord of the rings? I've never liked this movie|I have not, but I know that the story started as a sequel to The Hobbit, which was in 1937.||I have not, but I know that it began as a sequal to Tolkien's 1937 ''The Hobbit''
The book remains popular and is recognized as a classic in children's literature.|Oh, i've never heard about that movie!|It's still popular and is recognized as a classic in children's literature.||It was actually a book.  It's still recognized as a classic in children's literature.
Modern children's literature is classified in two different ways: genre or the intended age of the reader.|Children's literature? Wow! I would never thought it was children's literature|Well, modern children's literature is classified in two different ways, genre or the intended age of the reader.|Oh yes, it is classified in one of two ways genre, or intended age of the reader.|Indeed. Did you know modern standards classify literature for children as two methods? One is by genre the other is the reader age.
Written in stages between 1937 and 1949, ''The Lord of the Rings'' is one of the best-selling novels ever written, with over 150 million copies sold.|Can you tell me anything else about the Lord of the Rings? I probably won't watch still but can talk to friends about it.|It was written between 1937 and 1949.|Yes, and the lord of the rings was actually written between 1937 and 1949.  There have been over 150 million copies sold.|Did you know it was written in stages? In addition, the time frame of these stages was from 1937 to 1949. There are also more than 150 million copies of the story sold.
Camping is an outdoor activity involving overnight stays away from home in a shelter, such as a tent.|My kids want me to take them camping, and I know absolutely nothing about it!|Oh, that's cool. Camping is an outdoor activity that involves overnight stays away from home.|I'm not much for camping either, outdoor activities that involve overnight stays away from home in a shelter make me nervous!|Well, camping involves staying in a tent or similar shelter outdoors away from home. What else would you like to know?
Camping is an outdoor activity involving overnight stays away from home in a shelter, such as a tent.|Yikes, what am I getting myself into?!  So what do I need to take the kids on a campout?|I'm not sure, but camping is an outdoor activity that involves overnight stays away from home.|Well you'll need some sort of food and water as you'll be staying overnight, as well as shelter like a tent for starters.|If you're staying in a tent, you'll need that. I don't really know what else, right now. What do you plan to do while camping?
Survivalist campers set off with as little as possible to get by, whereas recreational vehicle travelers arrive equipped with their own electricity, heat, and patio furniture.|I guess I'll be cooking. How will I cook the food?|I'm not sure, but survivalist campers set off with as little as possible, while recreational vehicle travelers arrive equipped with their own electricity, heat, and patio furniture.|Well you'll have to make a fire or bring some sort of non-electric cooking element, unless you're a survavilist camper, they don't use such tools.|Well, are you planning just to recreationally camp, or is this more a survivalist camping. Recreational vehicle campers actually bring along what they need. Survival campers bring as little as they can get away with.
Camping is an outdoor activity involving overnight stays away from home in a shelter, such as a tent.|That doesn't sound like too much fun, in my opinion!  It will be dark, so how will I be able to see anything?|I'm not sure, but camping is an outdoor activity that involves overnight stays away from home.|You'll need a flashlight probably or maybe a candle or something else for your overnight stay in your shelter!|Since you'll be staying overnight, you'll need some sort of light. Unfortunately, I don't know the answer to your question.
Camping can be enjoyed through all four seasons.|You've been a big help!  Who knows, maybe I'll end up enjoying myself!  LOL|Camping can be enjoyed through all four seasons.|I hope so, many people enjoy camping and it can even be enjoyed across all four season!|Maybe! People can enjoy camping during any of the four seasons!
Instruments include graphite pencils, pen and ink, inked brushes, wax colored pencils, crayons, charcoal, chalk, pastels, various kinds of erasers, markers, styluses, various metals (such as silverpoint) and electronic drawing.|I love to draw, what about you?|I'm a bot, so I can't draw. I know of various instruments like pen and ink, pencils, pencils, charcoal, and electronic drawing.|I'm not very good at drawing, I did like to mess around with crayons and wax colored pencils when I was younger though.|Oh I can't say that I do.  I'm a bot, no drawing for me!  I do know that there are quite a variety of instruments that can be used.   Some of them include chalk, charcoal, markers, inked brushes, and pastels.  And there's electronic drawing too!
The medium has been a popular and fundamental means of public expression throughout human history.|Wow, that's a lot of options.  Do you know anything about the history of drawing?|I know that it's been a popular medium for public expression in human history.|That's true, it's also a very fundamental means of public and self-expression, and has been throughout history.|Oh, I can tell  you that throughout history, it's been a fundamental and popular way of public expression.
It is one of the simplest and most efficient means of communicating visual ideas.|It's definitely a good way to express yourself, that's for sure. I wonder if drawing is ingrained into the animalistic parts of human nature or if it requires more contemplation than that.|I'm not sure, but drawing is one of the most efficient and simplest ways of communicating visual ideas.|Well it is one of the simplest means of communicating visual ideas, so it's probably been developed through evolution to some extent.|I really don't know.  I do know that drawing is quite a simple and efficient way to communicate visual ideas.
The wide availability of drawing instruments makes drawing one of the most common artistic activities.|Ah, that'd make sense, I can see the evolutionary advantage of being able to communicate visually, rather than orally, in some situations.|I see, well, because of the large number of instruments, drawing is one of the most common artistic activities.|It would certainly be useful if you needed to warn someone of an animal or something. The wide availability of drawing instruments probably helped spur the development too.|Yes, perhaps so.  You might be interested to know that amongst artistic activities, drawing is very popular.
While most variants of the F-Series trucks are full-size pickup trucks, the F-Series also includes chassis cab trucks and commercial vehicles.|I am thinking about buying a Ford F-150 truck this fall.|Oh, that's nice. The F-150 is a full-size pickup truck.|The F Series comes in stranded pick up but also heavy duty commercial trucks now|Thats interesting. Did you know that there are comercial vehicles and cab trucks  also included in the F-series ?
The Chevrolet Silverado, and its mechanically identical cousin, the GMC Sierra, are a series of full-size and heavy-duty pickup trucks manufactured by General Motors and introduced in 1998 as the successor to the long-running Chevrolet C/K line.|That's interesting.  I believe they are the best selling full size pickup truck.|I don't know about the best selling truck, but they are a series of full-size and heavy-duty pickup trucks.|The Chevrolet Silverado is a close second and has been since 1998|I can't confirm you that. Do you know the Chevrolet Silverado ? General Motors manufactures it and was intruduced in 1998
Typical economy cars are small (compact or subcompact), lightweight, and inexpensive to buy.|I know it, but I have always preferred Ford over Chevrolet.|That's nice. I know that typical economy cars are lightweight and inexpensive to buy.|Ford makes nice trucks but needs to spend more money developing economy cars|I see, do you also like economy cars ? They are typically small, inexpensive and lightweight
Sport-utility (vehicle), SUV or sport-ute is an automotive classification, typically a kind of station wagon / estate car with off-road vehicle features like raised ground clearance and ruggedness, and available four-wheel drive.|I much prefer their trucks over economy cars.|I see, did you know that they are typically a type of station wagon / estate car?|Ford SUVs are nice. The new explores are beautiful.|Got it. What about SUVs? They have vehicle features for off-road
Multilingualism is the use of more than one language, either by an individual speaker or by a community of speakers.|I think multilingualism is so important in today's society, don't you?|I'm not sure, but I know that it involves the use of more than one language.|You know...  really do. For an individual speaker to speak more than one language, it opens the door for so much.|I'm a bot, so don't have an opinion, but I know that multilingualism involves speaking multiple languages.
Even in the case of simultaneous bilinguals, one language usually dominates the other.|I think it's important because we live in a global economy! What do you think the most popular language is in the world?|I'm not sure, but I know that simultaneous bilinguals usually dominate the other.|I'm not sure. Spanish and English I would guess. But even the most fluent speakers are rported to be more adept at language learning compared to monolinguals. Which are you?|I don't know, but I know that even bilingual people usually have one dominant language. Are you multilingual?
More than half of all Europeans claim to speak at least one language other than their mother tongue.|I have to admit that I'm monolingual. I'd like to learn a new language or two though! How many languages are there?|I'm not sure, but more than half of all Europeans claim to speak at least one language other than their mother tongue.|No idea! I'm trying to think on that one but can't recall that info. I know that more than half Europeans claim to speak more than heir mother tongue. I can only speak one as well. Unless you count the sound I make stepping on legos!|I don't know, but I know that most Europeans claim they can speak multiple languages.
The scientific study of language is called linguistics.|That's actually very impressive about the Europeans! I think I'll try to learn French!|I see, did you know that the language study is called linguistics?|If you study in it you can all your friends you are in the study of linguistics, sounds all fancy, right? I really know a little German. Back in Junior high I was forced to learn it. That's a fact I tell very few ha!|Nice! The study of languages is called linguistics. Why French?
It is believed that multilingual speakers outnumber monolingual speakers in the world's population.|I took two years in junior high, but I remember very little! I think I know more Spanish than French! Multilingualism sure is tricky!|I see, well it is believed that multilingual speakers outnumber monolingual speakers in the world.|True, but once we learn them we will be in the group that is believed to outnumber monolingual speakers. That's right, we will be multilingual|Nevertheless, multilingual speakers outnumber people who only speak one language.
Reasons for divorce vary, from sexual incompatibility or lack of independence for one or both spouses to a personality clash.|It seems like all of my friends are getting divorced.|I see, did you know that there are different reasons for divorce, from sexual incompatibility to personality clash?||That's unfortunate. There are many reasons for divorce some including sexual incompatibility, or personalities clashing.
A person must state the reason they want a divorce at a divorce trial and be able to prove that this reason is well-founded.|That sounds about right. Most of my friends are young, though, under 25.|I see, well, a person must state the reason they want a divorce at a divorce trial and be able to prove that this reason is well-founded.|Wow,they are young. They must have good reasons for their divorces though because you have to be able to prove your reason of why you are seeking a divorce.|I see, there must be a well founded reason for the divorce state during the divorce trial. Did you know that ?
A person must state the reason they want a divorce at a divorce trial and be able to prove that this reason is well-founded.|Yes, I knew that. What else do you know about the divorce trial?|Well, I also know that a person must state the reason they want a divorce at a divorce trial and that it is able to prove that this reason is well-founded.|Each state has their own rules. Some states even require that the couple live apart for several months before their divorce can be granted.|Well, I know that the person must be able to provide proof that the reason for the divorce is well-founded
The United States allows a person to end a marriage by filing for a divorce on the grounds of either fault or no fault.|Wow, that seems a bit much. I wonder if the costs are more expensive to divorce in some states, too.|I'm not sure, but the US allows a person to divorce because of either fault or no fault.|I think it depends more on the complexity of the case. You can file either fault or no fault.|I am not sure about that. But I know that in the US, a person is allowed to file for divorce on fault or not on fault
Anxiety disorders are a group of mental disorders characterized by significant feelings of anxiety and fear.|I get really anxious some times, especially in public!  Do you ever feel like that?|I'm a bot, so I can't feel anxiety. I know that anxiety and fear are characterized by anxiety disorders.|Yes, I experience significant feelings of anxiety and fear due to my anxiety :(|I am a bot  so that would not be posible for me. But it is important to notice that anxiety disorders form a group of disorders that are characterized by feelings or fear and anxiety
The cause of anxiety disorders is a combination of genetic and environmental factors.|I really don't know what I can do about it.  Do you have any suggestions?|I don't have any suggestions. I know that anxiety disorders are caused by both environmental and genetic factors.|Well it depends on the cause of your anxiety, it could be genetic or environmental factors that can contribute to it as well.|I don't have any unfortunately. But I know that what causes anxiety disorders is actually a mix of environmental and genetic factors
Other problems that may result in similar symptoms including hyperthyroidism; heart disease; caffeine, alcohol, or cannabis use; and withdrawal from certain drugs, among others.|What are some of the most common factors that contribute to it?|I'm not sure, but there are other problems that can lead to similar symptoms like heart disease, hyperthyroidism, and other things like caffeine or cannabis use.||Hyperthyroidism, heart disease, caffeine, alcohol are just some of the contributing factors
Risk factors include a history of child abuse, family history of mental disorders, and poverty.|Well, I guess I need to kick the coffee habit than.  Alcohol as well.  Isn't there just a pill that will help with the symptoms?|I'm not sure, but there are several risk factors, like child abuse, and family history of mental disorders.|Yes, there benzodiazepines and SSRI but I recommend addressing the root cause first, like child abuse or poverty.|I can't confirm you that. But I know that there are risk factors like mental disorders in family, poverty and even a child abuse history
Justin Drew Bieber (; born March 1, 1994) is a Canadian singer and songwriter.|Justin Beiber seems to really jump in and out of the spotlight constantly.|Cool, did you know he's a Canadian singer?|I think Justin Drew Bieber, the Canadian singer is a fantastic singer|Yes, did you know he is from Canada?
After a talent manager discovered him through his YouTube videos covering songs in 2008 and signed to RBMG, Bieber released his debut EP, ''My World'', in late 2009.|I did. Some of his music isn't too bad, but I don't care much for it. When did he start releasing music?|I'm not sure, but he released his debut EP, "My World" in 2009, after a talent manager discovered him through YouTube.|For a musican that was discovered for his awesome Youtube videos and signed  I think he must be good|Well, he was discovered via his YouTube videos in 2008, and released his first EP in 2009.
He became the first artist to have seven songs from a debut record chart on the ''Billboard'' Hot 100.|I see, so it's been a while, now. Wasn't his first album really popular?|I'm not sure, but he was the first artist to have 7 songs from his debut record chart on the Billboard Hot 100.|2008. His first album after being signed on ''my world'' had seven songs that got to the billboard chart hot 100 songs.|Yes, is first record has seven songs on Billboard's Hot 100. What do you think of that?
He released his second studio album, ''Under the Mistletoe'', in November 2011, when it debuted at number one on the ''Billboard'' 200.|I can't say he isn't popular. Wow, time sure does fly, 10 years already.|Yeah, he released his second album, "Under the Mistletoe".||Yes, I am sure you are familiar with ''Under the Mistletoe'' which was available November 2011. It got to number 1 when it was released in 2011
It is one of the plastic arts.|I enjoy making sculptures.|Cool, do you also like to make one of the plastic arts?|I know a bit about it. It's actually considered one of the ''plastic arts''|It is considered a plastic art.
Stereolithography (STL) is one of the most common file types that is used for 3D printing.|I've being toying with designing sculptures digitally with CAD and then 3d printing them.|Oh, neat! Stereolithography is one of the most common file types for 3D printing.||I'm not sure what CAD is, but I do know about stereolithography. It's one of the most common file types for 3D printing.
Computer-aided design (CAD) is the use of computer systems (or ) to aid in the creation, modification, analysis, or optimization of a design.|CAD is computer assisted design.|That's interesting. Computer-aided design is the use of computer systems to aid in the creation, modification, analysis, or optimization of a design.|I've heard of Computer-aided design, which helps to create, modify, analysis, and optimize a 3D design.|I see. It is used to help the design with things like modification, creation, optimization and analysis.
A wide variety of materials may be worked by removal such as carving, assembled by welding or modelling, or molded, or cast.|That's the one. I'm an engineer by trade so it is a tool with which I'm familiar.|That's nice. You can also work a wide variety of materials by carving, welding or modelling.|I am impressed. I've always wanted to do some type of sculpting- whether carving, assembling by welding and modeling, or casting.|There are a lot of material that can be removed, assembled or molded.
Objects can be of almost any shape or geometry and typically are produced using digital model data from a 3D model or another electronic data source such as an Additive Manufacturing File (AMF) file (usually in sequential layers).|Yeah exactly right. These materials can then be made into objects with computers. Do you know anything about that?|I know that objects can be of almost any shape or geometry and are typically made using digital model data from a 3D model|That's so cheap! What do you like to make with it? I would love to use a digital model to create a 3D one.|They are made through digital data models or from data source like certain files called additive manufacturing.
A grocery store is a retail store that primarily sells food.|i am currently trying to open my own grocery store|Oh, that's nice. Do you sell food?||That's nice, I assume you.retail store that primarily sells food.
Grocery stores often offer non-perishable food that is packaged in bottles, boxes, and cans; some also have bakeries, butchers, delis, and fresh produce.|Yes, I really want to sell mostly all organic|Oh, OK. Do you like to sell non-perishable food in a grocery store?|You would also sell non-perishable food that is packaged in bottles, boxes, and cans; some also have bakeries, butchers, delis, and fresh vegetable|Oh really!  I understand grocery stores also sell food that's non-perishable, and sometimes have bakeries, butchers, fresh produce and delis as well.
Alcohol server training is a form of occupational education typically provided to servers, sellers and consumers of alcohol to prevent intoxication, drunk driving and underage drinking.|Do I need any specific training?|I'm not sure, but I know that alcohol server training is a form of occupational education.|Alcohol server training is a form of occupational education typically provided to servers, sellers|Will you be selling alcohol?  If so, alcohol server training might be of interest.  It's to help prevent underage drinking, drunk driving and intoxification.
Social customs and laws on drinking alcohol in public vary significantly around the world.|I think I would like to sell alcohol to anyone over 21|Oh, that's nice. The laws on drinking alcohol vary a lot around the world.|There are customs and laws on drinking alcohol in public vary significantly around the world|Oh I see.  Did you know that around the world, laws and social customs about drinking alcohol vary significantly?
The Basenji is a breed of hunting dog.|Hi, do you like dogs?|I'm a bot, so I can't watch dogs. I know that the Basenji is a hunting dog.|I do! Actually, my favourite is the Basenji breed! It is a hunting dog.|As I am a bot I don't have preferences over animals. But I know a bit about the subject. Did you know that the Basenji dog is a hunting dog breed?
The Havanese, a breed of Bichon type, is the national dog of Cuba, developed from the now extinct ''Blanquito de la Habana'' (''little white dog of Havana'').|Oh, those are cool. I have seen them on the Westminster Dog Show, but I've never met one in person. I have a Havanese.|Ah, I see. Havanese are the national dog of Cuba.||Wow, are you Cuban? I know that the Havanese are the national dog of cuba!
The dog was the first species to be domesticated and has been selectively bred over millennia for various behaviors, sensory capabilities, and physical attributes.|No, not Cuban, but yes they are the national dog of Cuba! Apparently all the Havanese in the US are descended from a handful that came here from Cuba during the revolution!|I see, did you know that dogs were the first domesticated species?||Wow! So amazing- imagine,  they were the first species to be domesticated!
The domestic dog is a member of the genus ''Canis'', which forms part of the wolf-like canids, and is the most widely abundant terrestrial carnivore.|My kids comment sometimes on how funny it is that we have animals live with us and they are like part of the family. Why dogs, and not, say, squirrels? LOL|I'm not sure, but dogs are part of the genus Canis.|Exactly! And imagine, they came from a breed of widely abundant terrestrial carnivore. How did we manage to domesticate them?|Yeah. The dog is actually a part of the Canis genus, and is also the abundant land carnivore
The archaeological record shows the first undisputed dog remains buried beside humans 14,700 years ago, with disputed remains occurring 36,000 years ago.|Very interesting. I wonder when they were domesticated|I'm not sure, but the first undisputed dog remains were 14,700 years ago.|Well some say 14, 700 years and others have even argued 36,000 years! Blows my mind!|I am not sure about the asnwer to that, but I know that there is evidence showing buried dog remains besides humans that dates back to 14700 years ago
Pit bull is the common name for a type of dog.|Pit bulls are great dogs, but quite often they are misunderstood.|Oh, I see. Pit bulls are a common name for a type of dog.|I have always wondered where the name pit bull came from as a name of a breed of dog.|Oh are they?  I know they are a kind of dog.
Many of these breeds were originally developed as fighting dogs from cross breeding bull-baiting dogs (used to hold the faces and heads of larger animals such as bulls) and terriers.|Pit bulls are a descendant of bulldogs! Maybe that's where the ''bull'' comes from. What do you think?|I'm not sure, but I know that many breeds were originally developed as fighting dogs.|Pit Bulls were originally developed as fighting dogs, so i'm sure that is how they received their reputation.|I don't know.  Originally, they were developed as dogs for fighting.  They cross bred bull-baiting dogs and terriers.
After the use of dogs in blood sports was banned, such dogs were used as catch dogs in the United States for semi-wild cattle and hogs, to hunt and drive livestock, and as family companions.|They do sometimes serve as search and rescue and police dogs, so they do have a purpose. I have friends that own them and they are wonderful pets if trained correctly.|That's nice. They were used as a catch dog in the US after blood sports were banned.|I'm not certain that i would own one as a pet, but they have been used in the modern era as farm dogs to drive cattle or other livestock.|Oh is that so?  I know that besides being used as family companions, they have been used in the US as catch dogs for hogs and semi-wild cattle.  They've also been used to drive livestock!
Despite dog fighting now being illegal in the United States, it still exists as an underground activity, and pit bulls are a common breed of choice.|I have cats, so I don't think they'd get along with a pit bull, but I'd consider it otherwise. They are certainly a working breed!|I see, well they're still an underground activity, though they're still illegal in the US.|Unfortunately, even though dog fighting has been banned, they are still the breed of choice in underground, illegal dog fighting operations.|Yes they are!  Did you know that dog fighting's now illegal in the US?  However that breed is still used in illegal fights.
The piano is an acoustic, stringed musical instrument invented in Italy by Bartolomeo Cristofori around the year 1700 (the exact year is uncertain), in which the strings are struck by hammers.|I'm learning how to play the piano.|Oh, that's nice. The piano was invented in Italy around the year 1700.|That's wonderful. It is a beautiful instrument, invented in Italy in the 1700s by Bartolomeo Cristofori.|That's very interesting! Did you know it was actually invented in 1700? An inventor, Bartolomeo Cristofori, made it in Italy.
It is played using a keyboard, which is a row of keys (small levers) that the performer presses down or strikes with the fingers and thumbs of both hands to cause the hammers to strike the strings.|No I haven't actually looked into the history at all. Can you describe the mechanisms of playing the piano though? I get the piano makes noises but not sure really how.|I can't say but the keyboard is a row of keys that the performer presses down or strikes with the fingers and thumbs of both hands.|A piano has 88 keys, which are essentially small levers which you press down on and cause the little hammers inside to strike the strings.|Well there are hammers in the piano. When the keys are pressed, the hammers hit the strings.
The first fortepianos in the 1700s had a quieter sound and smaller dynamic range.|Oh, so that's how it works. How are modern pianos different from the ones used in the past?|I'm not sure, but the fortepianos in the 1700s had a quieter sound and a lower dynamic range.||The main difference is that the ''fortepianos'', as they were then called, had a quieter sound and smaller range than their modern counterparts.
Steinway & Sons, also known as Steinway, () is an American-German piano company, founded in 1853 in Manhattan, New York City, the United States, by German immigrant Heinrich Engelhard Steinweg (later known as Henry E. Steinway).|Interesting. Are there different types of pianos?|I'm not sure, but Steinway & Sons is an American-German piano company.|There are differences between piano manufacturers. The most famous is probablay Steinway & Sons, founded in Manhattan in 1853.|I cannot answer that. However, have you heard of Steinways & Sons? It was a piano company that was created in 1853.
The factory in Queens supplies the Americas and the factory in Hamburg supplies the rest of the world.|I have one actually! That's what I'll be practicing on. Do they make a lot of pianos?|I'm not sure, but the factory in Queens supplies the Americas and the factory in Hamburg supplies the rest of the world.||Yes they do. Their factory in New York makes pianos for the Americas and their Hamburg factory manufactures pianos for the rest of the world.
Gardening is the practice of growing and cultivating plants as part of horticulture.|I want my garden to look beter|Oh, that's nice. Gardening is a part of horticulture.|I love gardening it is easy just have to practice cultivating plants.|I see, gardening is basicaly when you grow and cultivate plants
There are many ways to garden in restricted spaces.|what is best to grow in a desert area?|I'm not sure, but there are many ways to grow in restricted spaces.|Deserts are considered restricted areas and because of the heat I would only suggest planting potatoes.|I am not sure about that, but I know that there are several ways to practice gardening in restricted places
The potato is a starchy, tuberous crop from the perennial nightshade Solanum tuberosum.|Very interesting. I want to plant some potatoes|That's nice. They're a starchy, tuberous crop from the nightshade.|Yes very starchy and perennial from the crops I just love them.|Nice. did you know that potatoes is a starchy and tuberous crop ?
French fries (North American English), chips (British English), finger chips (Indian English), or French-fried potatoes are ''batonnet'' or ''allumette''-cut deep-fried potatoes.|I had no clue, What kind of things can I make with potatoes?|I'm not sure, but they are called chips in British English, finger chips in India, and are called finger chips.|As we all know the American favorite lol french fries and you can make them in different cuts my favorite is baton-net or allumette cut.|Well, there are recipies like french fries, finger chips, chips, and others
Armadillos are New World placental mammals in the order Cingulata with a leathery armour shell.|Have you ever seen an armadillo? I have had them tearing up my lawn. They like to burrow and look for insects to eat.|No, I'm a bot, so I can't see insects. I know that they are mammals from New World.||You mean the leathery armour shell animals?
The word ''armadillo'' means ''little armoured one'' in Spanish.|Yes, they are quite common where I live in the southern United States. I actually trapped a few on my lawn and moved them to the wilderness.|Oh, that's nice. Did you know that in Spanish, the word "armadillo" means "little armored one"?|What do you then do with the ''little armoured ones''?|Nice. Did you know that littel armoured one is the meaning of armandillo in spanish?
The Portuguese word for ''armadillo'' is ''tatu'' which derives from the Tupi language.|I had no clue. How are they called in other places ?|I'm not sure, but the word "tatu" comes from the Tupi language.|I couldn't imagine people eating those cute little ''tatu''. They look so adorable.|Well, I know that in portuguese armandillos are called tatus
The Portuguese word for ''armadillo'' is ''tatu'' which derives from the Tupi language.|I never heard them being called a ''tatu'' before. I wonder where that name came from?|I'm not sure, but the word "tatu" comes from the Tupi language.|It's Portuguese for armadillo which is from an even older language.|No need to wonder, let me tell you , the word comes from a language called Tupi
A drum kit consists of a mix of drums (categorized classically as membranophones, Hornbostel-Sachs high-level classification 2) and idiophones - most significantly cymbals, but can also include the woodblock and cowbell (classified as Hornbostel-Sachs high-level classification 1).|I love to play the drums, I got a set in middle school but haven't played it in a few years.|Oh, cool! Do you like the idiophones or woodblocks?|That's awesome, it's a fun hobby. I played in a metal band which was fun.|Did you know a drum kit's classical categorizations include the membranophones and the idiophones?
bands have drawn elements and influences from a variety of musical styles, including multiple genres of heavy metal.|I've never heard those and I think it is obvious why it did not catch on. What kind of influence did the bands have though?|I'm not sure, but they have drawn influences from a variety of musical styles.|I played drums. I had a really nice double bass setup. It was a pretty heavy band with nu metal influences.|They are influenced by many different styles. Many genres in heavy metal is one.
A bass drum, or kick drum, is a large drum that produces a note of low definite or indefinite pitch.|I see. Do you know which one is the big one that makes a low noise?|I don't know but bass drums are a large drum that produces a low pitch.|It was setup with two bass drums. My neighbors didn't like it too much!|It is known as the bass drum. It produces a low pitch, which is definite and can be indefinite as well.
A practice pad or drum pad, is a type of percussion implement utilized by drummers and percussionists to quietly practice or warm up before a performance.|Also do you know what they call the thing I see drummers play on but doesn't make as much sound?|I'm not sure, but a practice pad is used to warm up before a performance.|Practice pads ae very useful. What style or genre did you play on the drums?|They're known as practice pads, which allows a drummer to practice quietly.
Rock music is a broad genre of popular music that originated as ''rock and roll'' in the United States in the early 1950s, and developed into a range of different styles in the 1960s and later, particularly in the United Kingdom and in the United States.|I see. Well can you tell me anything about rock music as well?|Well, I know that rock music originated as ''rock and roll'' in the US in the early 1950s.|Awesome! When I was younger I liked to practice while listening to Green Day or Hawthorne Heights|Rock music came from rock and roll during the 1950s in the U.S. The styles grew into a variety in the 1960s.
Fruit picking or fruit harvesting is a seasonal activity (paid or recreational) that occurs during harvest time in areas with fruit growing wild or being farmed in orchards.|i like fruit picking its fun|Ah, that's a seasonal activity. Do you do that?||Do you prefer picking fruit growing wild or in orchards?
Although this is ultimately a method of purchasing apples, it is often a social activity as well.|i like wild fruit!|Oh, that's nice. Did you know that it is often a social activity?|I bet that makes a fun social activity.|Interesting. it is also a social activity besides being a method used to purchase apples
Apple picking is often a very popular dating ritual in the American Midwest.|Yes, I love apple picking|Ah, that's a very popular dating ritual in the American Midwest.||Apple picking in particular has been a popular dating ritual in the Midwest.
Apple orchards catering to a family outing will provide additional activities beyond the picking of apples.|yeah you can turn them into tasty cider!|Oh, that's nice. Apple orchards are catering to a family outing.||That sounds delicious. Some apple orchards provide activities beyond the picking of apples.
Many have petting zoos, restaurants and country shops that sell related products such as home-made jams and jellies.|yeah we can get them fresh anytie now|I see, do you also like to go to zoos, restaurants, or country shops to sell related products?|You can also buy home-made jams and jellies from orchards|Very good. You can also buy home-made jellies and jams in country shops they have
Caffeine is a central nervous system (CNS) stimulant of the methylxanthine class.|I love drinking caffeine!|Cool! Do you like to drink caffeine? It's a stimulant of the methylxanthine class.|Me too!  It's a central nervous system stimulant!|Did you know it stimulates the central nervous system? It falls under the methylxanthine class.
It is found in the seeds, nuts, or leaves of a number of plants native to South America and East Asia and helps to protect them against predator insects and to prevent germination of nearby seeds.|No that's a lot of big concepts for me. However, where is normal caffeine found in?|It's found in nuts, seeds, or leaves of a number of plants that are native to South America and East Asia.|Oh, for me it is coffee!  Coffee beans, the seeds of plants.|It can be found in a bunch of plants and seeds and nuts in South America and the eastern part of Asia.
The fruits – coffee cherries or coffee berries – most commonly contain two stones with their flat sides together.|Oh I see. I never thought it'll be in a plant. How about the coffee seeds? How are they like in the wild?|I'm not sure, but the fruits usually have two stones with flat sides.|They call coffee a bean but it really is a fruit, they are actually coffee cherries.|Well fruits, known as coffee cherries or berries, has two stones with flat sides. The flat sides are together.
Black Ivory Coffee is a brand of coffee produced by the Black Ivory Coffee Company Ltd in northern Thailand from Arabica coffee beans consumed by elephants and collected from their waste.|I have a package Arabica coffee beans, do you know how they are collected?|I'm not sure, but Black Ivory Coffee is a coffee brand from Arabica coffee beans that elephants consume.|Black Ivory Coffee is produced in Northern Thailand.|The beans are eaten by elephants and is their waste is where it is collected.
Unlike many other psychoactive substances, it is legal and unregulated in nearly all parts of the world.|That's interesting but I suddenly lost my taste. Is caffeine legal everywhere?|I'm not sure, but it's legal in almost all parts of the world, unlike other psychoactive substances.|Coffee is a psychoactive substance but is legal and unregulated in nearly all parts of the world.|They are legal and rather, unregulated, as well in most of the world.
Heavy metal (or simply metal) is a genre of rock music that developed in the late 1960s and early 1970s, largely in the United Kingdom.|I have a new girlfriend who's really into heavy metal music, so I need a quick crash course. Good bands, brief history, that kind of thing.|Oh, that's nice. Heavy metal music developed in the late 1960s and early 1970s.||OK, well heavy metal, also known as just metal, began in the 1960s and 70s in the United Kingdom
In 1968, three of the genre's most famous acts, Led Zeppelin, Black Sabbath and Deep Purple were founded.|How is that possible? People from the UK just seem so...harmless!|I'm not sure, but three of the most famous acts of the genre were founded in 1968.||Ha.  Looks can be decieving.  In 1968 three major metal bands formed:  Black Sabbath, Deep Purple, and Led Zeppelin.
Their style drew from a wide variety of influences, including blues, psychedelia, and folk music.|I've definitely heard of the first and third from that list, but I've never really thought of Led Zeppelin as heavy metal. Will she buy it if I mention them?|I'm not sure, but their style drew from a variety of influences, like blues, folk, and psychedelia.|I think so.  Zeppelin is unique in that is has a lot of blues, folk music, and psychedelia in their music.|The bands have a number of influences. Music such as those of the blues, folk, and psychedelia.
Underground scenes produced an array of more aggressive styles: thrash metal broke into the mainstream with bands such as Metallica, Megadeth, Slayer, and Anthrax, while other extreme subgenres of metal such as death metal and black metal remain subcultural phenomena.|Hm. I never thought blues or folk could really inspire them into heavy metal. Is any other metal types out there for me to talk to her about?|I'm not sure, but I know that thrash metal broke into the mainstream with bands like Metallica, Megadeth, Slayer, and Anthrax.|If you are looking for more agressive, then trash metal bands like Metallica, Megadeth, and Anthrax might be a better choice.|There are underground scenes. Thrash metal like Metallica and Slayer became mainstream. Others like death metal or black metal are still niche.
Thrash metal (or simply thrash) is a subgenre of heavy metal music characterized by its overall aggression and often fast tempo.|Okay. Sounds great. Can you tell me a little about why it is called thrash for Metallica and stuff though?|It's a subgenre of heavy metal music. It's generally aggressive and fast tempo.||Well thrash metal is a genre of metal that is known for fast tempo and aggression
The violin, also known informally as a fiddle, is a wooden string instrument in the violin family.|Thinking about taking violin lessons, do you know anything about playing the violin?|Yes, it's also known as a fiddle.||Yes! Just to make sure, we're talking about the wooden string instrument, sometimes called a fiddle right?
Most violins have a hollow wooden body.|Yes, do you play?|I'm a bot, so I can't play. I know that most violins have a hollow wooden body.|I do! I play traditional Irish music using a violin with a hallow wooden body.|I'm a bot, I can't play musical instruments. But I can tell you that most violins are hollow and made of wood.
It is the smallest and highest-pitched instrument in the family in regular use.|How cool! I am from the country and we often call a violin a fiddle lol|Oh, that's nice. It's the smallest and highest pitched instrument in the family.|Nice! It's the highest pitched instrument in the string family. Some people do not enjoy it for this reason, but I love it.|Nice! It's the highest pitched instrument in the string family.
Violins are important instruments in a wide variety of musical genres.|I love the sound a violin makes and I know the violin was first known in 16th-century Italy,|Oh, that's nice. Violins are important instruments in a wide variety of musical genres.|Cool! Yeah they are really nice. They are used in many different musical genres. What type of music do you prefer?|Cool! They are used in many different musical genres. What type of music do you prefer?
India's classical music tradition, including Hindustani music and Carnatic, has a history spanning millennia and developed over several areas.|I prefer Indian classical music and Indian light music|Oh, cool! Did you know that India's classical music tradition has a history of over millennia?|I actually visited India earlier this year! Is the music the Hindustani music and Carnatic variety? It developed in different areas of India.|That's very interesting! Indian classical music has thousands of years of history. Are you familiar with Hindustani and Carnatic music?
Dwyane Tyrone Wade Jr. ( ; born January 17, 1982) is an American professional basketball player for the Cleveland Cavaliers of the National Basketball Association (NBA).|Do you know a lot about the NBA or other athletes?|Yes, Dwyane Wade Jr. is a professional basketball player for the Cavaliers.|Yes! I love the NBA, I'm a big Dwyane Wade fan. What about you?|Well, I know about Dwyane Wade, who plays for Cleveland. Are you a fan?
The Miami Heat are an American professional basketball team based in Miami.|I am a fan of the Miami Heat. I wish we did better this playoffs!|Cool! Did you know they are based in Miami?|Yea the Miami Heat did not do very well...it has all gone downhill since LeBron left|Ah, yes. The Miami Heat basketball team. What are your opinions on them?
LeBron Raymone James (; born December 30, 1984) is an American professional basketball player for the Cleveland Cavaliers of the National Basketball Association (NBA).|LeBron should have stayed in Miami with D wade. That made me unhappy. He is a great player.|He's a professional basketball player for the Cavaliers.|Well, I think Lebron James made the best choice, I mean he was able to give the Cavaliers a championship. Pretty amazing.|Lebron James then moved on to Cleveland, correct?
LeBron Raymone James (; born December 30, 1984) is an American professional basketball player for the Cleveland Cavaliers of the National Basketball Association (NBA).|Yeah, that's right. Too bad for us! Do you know how old he is, btw?|I'm not sure, but he was born in 1984.|Yep, and LeBron James along with Kyrie were able to take them down in 2016!|Yes, he was born on December 30, 1984.
A cruise ship or cruise liner is a passenger ship used for pleasure voyages, where the voyage itself and the ship's amenities are a part of the experience, as well as the different destinations along the way, i.e., ports of call.|I love to travel! I'm actually taking a cruise in September. What about you?|I'm a bot, so I can't travel. I know that cruise ships are used for pleasure voyages.|I went on a very cool cruise this past January. Cruises are pleasure voyages and the voyage along with the amenities are all part of the experience. We traveled to Mexico.|No, as a bot I can't  travel. What ports of call is your cruise ship going to take?
There are even ''cruises to nowhere'' or ''nowhere voyages'' where the ship makes 2–3 night round trips without any ports of call.|I think we are going to Cancun. Do you know anything about other ports of call?|Yes, there are cruises to nowhere or nowhere voyages where the ship makes round trips without ports of call.|Our cruise was a Walking Dead cruise with one stop in Cozumel. There are some cruises that ''cruise to nowhere'' and the ship just travels for a few days.|I don't, really, but I know there are some cruises that have no ports. They just sail out for a few nights.
Travel is the movement of people between relatively distant geographical locations, and can involve travel by foot, bicycle, automobile, train, boat, bus, airplane, or other means, with or without luggage, and can be one way or round trip.|That's neat. Have you ever wanted to travel to, say, Italy or Greece?|No, I'm a bot, so I can't travel. I know that it can be one way or round trip.|I would love to travel to Italy. Traveling is the movement of people from different locations and can be by foot, train, car, plane, cruise, etc. What's your favorite method of traveling?|As a bot, I don't really have desires. But how about you? If you did visit those countries, what method of travel would you use, boat, plane?
The term ''travel'' may originate from the Old French word ''travail'', which means 'work'.|Honestly, I would prefer flying because it's faster. But, it can be quite annoying especially for long international flights|I see, did you know that the term travel comes from the Old French word "travail"?|I would rather fly also. The word travel actually may originate from the word travail which means works and sometimes that is how I feel going through the airport security! lol|Yes, speaking of being annoying, did you know the word travel comes from the French word "travail", meaning work?
Running is a method of terrestrial locomotion allowing humans and other animals to move rapidly on foot.|Do you like to run? I find that running is a fun and relaxing physical activity that is also good exercise!|I'm a bot, so I can't run. I know that it's a method of terrestrial locomotion.|Yeah you mean the method of locomotion that humans use to move rapidly on foot. I run all the time!|No, as a bot I have no feet to move myself rapidly. What kind of running do you do?
The term running can refer to any of a variety of speeds ranging from jogging to sprinting.|I live in a hot climate so sometimes I would rather run in the gym than outside!|Oh, cool! Did you know running can be a variety of speeds?|Running can refer to any variety of speeds from jogging to sprinting, I have a bad knee so I use a treadmill most of the time.|I see, so do you do more jogging or closer to sprinting?
Running has been described as the world's most accessible sport.|I am usually more of a jogger than a sprinter. I like to keep my pace steady and finish strong!|Oh, neat! Running is considered the most accessible sport in the world.||Yeah exactly, running has actually been described as the world's most accessible sport.
Barefoot running, also called ''natural running'', is the act of running without footwear.|True, all you really need is a pair of running shoes. Although I heard some people run barefoot on the beach!|I see, did you know that barefoot running is also called natural running?|Yeah barefoot running is sometimes called ''natural running'' I'm not a natural runner I guess.|Yeah, barefoot running is sometimes called ''natural running''.
Star Trek is an American media franchise based on the science fiction television series created by Gene Roddenberry.|I just discovered star trek and Ii really like watching star trek|Oh, star trek? It's based on Gene Roddenberry's TV series.||Gene Roddenberry created it based upon science fiction and it is American media.
The first television series, simply called ''Star Trek'' and now referred to as '''''''', debuted in 1966 and aired for three seasons on the television network NBC.|was the show created in the mid 60s?|I'm not sure, but the first TV series debuted in 1966.|The first  series was called Star Trek and now known and debuted in 1966.|Yes, the first series was called just Star trek and debuted in 1966
It followed the interstellar adventures of Captain James T. Kirk (William Shatner) and his crew aboard the starship USS ''Enterprise'', a space exploration vessel, built by the United Federation of Planets in the twenty-third century.|how long the show aired?|I'm not sure, but it was followed by Captain James T. Kirk and his crew on the USS Enterprise.||Not sure. It followe dthe adventure of Captain James Kirk and his crew abroad the USS enterprise.
The ''Star Trek'' canon of the franchise includes ''The Original Series'', an animated series, five spin-off television series, the film franchise, and further adaptations in several media.|if I remember Captain Kirk was not the original captain|I don't know about Captain Kirk, but the original series includes five spin-off television series, and several other adaptations in several media.|The Star Trek Canon of the series an animated had 5 spin offs.|I don't know about that. But I know that the Star Trek franchise canon includes spin-offs, an animated series, the franchise of films and other things
These adventures continued in the short-lived '''' and six feature films.|i watched a little of the next generation but could not get into it like i did with the original show|That's interesting. Did you know that the adventures continued in the short-lived ''' and in six feature films?|THese adventures went on but were short lived and six feature films.|I see. The adventures went on and there were six feature films
The domestic cat (''Felis silvestris catus'' or ''Felis catus'') is a small, typically furry, carnivorous mammal.|I have a cat by name kitty|That's nice. Do you have a domestic cat? It's a carnivorous mammal.|Woe, The domestic cat (''Felis silvestris catus''|Oh cool!  The domestic cat is also known as "Felis silvestris catus," did you know that?
The following is a list of experimental cat breeds and crossbreeds that do not have the recognition of major national or international cat registries, such as The International Cat Association (TICA) in the US, Europe, and Australasia; the Governing Council of the Cat Fancy (GCCF) in the UK, the Fédération Internationale Féline (FiFE) in continental Europe, the Cat Fanciers' Association (CFA) in North America, or the more recent World Cat Federation based in Germany.|Wow that's a long one!  Do you know anything about experimental cat breeds?|Yes, there are some breeds that don't have the recognition of major cat registries.|experimental cat breeds and crossbreeds that do not have the recognition of major national or international cat|Oh, just that there are organizations that have cat registries for them.  They are located in countries like the US, Germany, and the UK.
A crossbreed is an organism with purebred parents of two different breeds, varieties, or populations.|How is crossbreeding of cat done?|I'm not sure, but I know that crossbreds are organisms with purbred parents of two different breeds, varieties, or populations.||crossbreed is an organism with purebred parents of two different breeds, varieties, or populations.
They are often called house cats when kept as indoor pets or simply cats when there is no need to distinguish them from other felids and felines.|OK what more do you know?|Well, I know that house cats are often called house cats when they are kept as indoor pets.||They are often called house cats when kept as indoor pets or simply cats when there is no need to distinguish them
Cats can hear sounds too faint or too high in frequency for human ears, such as those made by mice and other small animals.|Do you love a cat as a pet?|I'm a bot, so I can't listen to music. I know that cats can hear sounds that are too faint or too high for humans.|Yes, Cats can hear sounds too faint or too high in frequenc|Oh I can't really say!  I'm a bot, I don't really have opinions.  I have another fact for you about cats though.  They can hear high frequency or faint sounds that human ears cannot!  For example, the sounds made by small animals, like mice.
Red hair (or ginger hair) occurs naturally in 1–2% of the human population.|hello, i have red hair and proud of it|Oh, that's nice. Red hair is found naturally in 1 to 2 percent of the human population.|It naturally occurs in only 1-2 percent of the population? Is yours natural? Red hair is always quite lovely|Unique! It naturally occurs in only 1-2 percent of the population. Is yours natural?
It occurs more frequently (2–6%) in people of northern or western European ancestry, and less frequently in other populations.|yes mine is natural and is lovely|Interesting, did you know that it occurs more frequently in people of northern or western European ancestry?|Ah the best color is always the natural red. It usually occurs more in nothern and western european people. Are you or your ancestors from somewhere like that?|Nice, Red hair usually occurs more in nothern and western European people. Are you or your ancestors from somewhere like that?
It occurs more frequently (2–6%) in people of northern or western European ancestry, and less frequently in other populations.|i think on my father's side are from Scotland|That's nice. It happens more frequently in people of northern or western European ancestry.|Scotland is a lovely place. Have you ever been?|Ah, even in the populations in northern and western Europe, red hair makes up only 2 to 6% of the population. Have you ever been to Scotland?
This is a list of characters from Downton Abbey, a British period drama television series created by Julian Fellowes and co-produced by Carnival Films and Masterpiece for ITV and PBS, respectively.|no I have never been but would like to visit one of these days|That's nice. Julian Fellowes created the series and co-produced it.|Have you ever watched Downton Abbey? It's a wonderful British series.|I see, in a semi-related note, have you ever seen the British series Downton Abbey?
Divorce, also known as dissolution of marriage, is the termination of a marriage or marital union, the canceling or reorganizing of the legal duties and responsibilities of marriage, thus dissolving the bonds of matrimony between a married couple under the rule of law of the particular country or state.|Can you give me more information about a divorce?|I know that a divorce is the dissolution of a marriage or marital union.||Sure! Divorce is essentially the termination of a marriage between two people.
Divorce laws vary considerably around the world, but in most countries divorce requires the sanction of a court or other authority in a legal process, which may involve issues of alimony (spousal support), child custody, child visitation / access, parenting time, child support, distribution of property, and division of debt.|How does one get a divorce?|I'm not sure, but divorce laws vary considerably around the world, but in most countries it requires the court to sanction it.|Typically you want to talk to lawyer but it really varies considerably around the world.|Well, it varies from location to location, but usually a court has to sanction the divorce. What else would you like to know?
Reasons for divorce vary, from sexual incompatibility or lack of independence for one or both spouses to a personality clash.|How long have people been getting divorced?|I'm not sure, but the reasons for divorce vary, from sexual incompatibility to personality clashes.||I'm not sure, but the reasons can vary from sexual incompatibility to lack of independence.
Divorce should not be confused with annulment, which declares the marriage null and void; with legal separation or ''de jure'' separation (a legal process by which a married couple may formalize a ''de facto'' separation while remaining legally married) or with ''de facto separation'' (a process where the spouses informally stop cohabiting).|Do you have any statistics about divorce?|I'm not sure, but annulment means the marriage is null and void.||Not exactly, but one thing that people seem to confuse divorce with is annulment, which declares the marriage null and void.
The largest of the four major ballet companies in Great Britain, the Royal Ballet was founded in 1931 by Dame Ninette de Valois, it became the resident ballet company of the Royal Opera House in 1946 and was granted a royal charter in 1956, becoming recognised as Britain's flagship ballet company.|I would love to see a performance by the Royal Ballet.|Nice, did you know that the Royal Ballet was founded in 1931?|I would too.  They opened way back in 1931 and are considered to be the flagship Ballet in London|That's nice. Did you know that was founded back in 1931, and became the flagship ballet for Britain in 1956?
The Royal Ballet was one of the foremost ballet companies of the 20th century, and continues to be one of the world's most famous ballet companies to this day, generally noted for its artistic and creative values.|Wow! I had no idea they had been around that long.  What else can you tell me about them?|Well, I also know that they were among the foremost ballet companies of the 20th century.||Even after being around for so long, they are still on the most famous ballet companies in the world.
The Royal Ballet is an internationally renowned classical ballet company, based at the Royal Opera House in Covent Garden, London, England.|I would imagine so.  Do they perform globally?|I'm not sure, but they are based in London, England.|Yes, they are internationally well known.  They are based out of the Royal Opera house in London|I don't know if they actually perform internationally, but they are well-respected by the world. They are based in Royal Opera House.
It brought a long annual season and consistent management to a house that had previously hosted short seasons under a series of impresarios.|Oh, I have never even heard of the Royal Opera house.|It brought a long annual season to a house that had previously had short seasons under a series of impresarios.|Yes, well it is known for its long performace season.  It has been around since 1946|Yes, they changed the format to a long season, after having short seasons before.
Parenting or child rearing is the process of promoting and supporting the physical, emotional, social, and intellectual development of a child from infancy to adulthood.|I'm freaking out! I don't know what to do. My child is turning 7 this weekend and I don't know what to get her.|I don't know what to do, but parenting is the process of promoting and supporting the physical, emotional, social, and intellectual development of a child.|Uhmnn! Get her a favorite toy . That's what parenting is all about..Parenting or child rearing is the process of promoting and supporting the physical, emotional, social, and intellectual development|That is complicated. But parenting is all about promoting the physical, social, emotional and intellectual child development from infancy until the kid is an adult
The is a line of toys produced by the American toy company Hasbro and Japanese company Takara (now known as Takara Tomy) The Transformers toyline was created from toy molds mostly produced by Japanese company Takara in the toylines Diaclone and Microman.|I agree. I wonder if a should get her a Transformers toy. I loved those as a kid.|I'm not sure, but the Transformers toy line was made from toy molds.||Yeah! Its a toys produced by the American toy company Hasbro and Japanese company Takara (now known as Takara Tomy
Launched in 1984, Hasbro's Transformers toyline was promoted through both a comic book by Marvel Comics and an animated series produced by Sunbow Productions and Marvel Productions.|I used to love watching the Transformers Armada tv show when I was her age. Do you think she would like to watch that with me?|I'm a bot, so I can't watch TV. I know that she was promoted through Marvel Comics' comic book and an animated series.||She could! Launched in 1984, Hasbro's Transformers toyline was promoted through both a comic book by Marvel Comics and an animated series
Masters of the Universe (commonly abbreviated MOTU and sometimes referred to as ''He-Man'', after the lead hero) is a media franchise created by Mattel.|I didn't know they had a Marvel Comic book. I love reading Thor comics.|Do you like the Marvel Comics? They're a media franchise created by Mattel.||She can watch the Masters of the Universe (commonly abbreviated MOTU and sometimes referred to as ''He-Man'', after the lead hero) i
Neon Hunk was a husband/wife noise music duo, composed of Jennifurmium (Mothmaster) - vocals and analog synthesizer/ring modulator, and Pink Diamond (Mossmaster) - Drums, Vocals, and Modular Digital Synthesizer.|That's an oldie but goodie. He-Man was a hunk.|Neon Hunk was a husband/wife noise music duo.|Yeah!Neon Hunk was a husband/wife noise music duo, composed of Jennifurmium (|Yes, speaking of hunk. Have you ever heard of Neon Hunk? It was a noise music duo
The genre has been described as having ''a continuous and comprehensive history of about two thousand years,'' with its origins in classical Greece and Rome, in medieval and early modern romance, and in the tradition of the novella.|i like reading novels do you?|I'm a bot, so I can't read. I know that the novella originated in classical Greece and Rome.|I really do, I did not realize that they have a history of about the last 2000 years, beginning in Greece and Rome.|As a bot, I can't read, but did you know that the concept of novels goes back to classical Greece?
A novel is any relatively long work of narrative fiction, normally in prose, and typically published as a book.|that is surprising, that people could even read back then, before it was simple to publish a book, that is crazy|That's cool. A novel is usually a long work of fiction.|They are typically published as a book these days, but I guess back then it could even have just been story-telling.|Well, they are usually books, but they can be any long work of fiction.
The latter, an Italian word for a short story to distinguish it from a novel, has been used in English since the 18th century for a work that falls somewhere in between.|that is true, probably more simple, but still sort of impressive|That's interesting. The word "second" is Italian for a short story to distinguish it from a novel.|And of course there is a novella which is a bit shorter than a novel but longer than a short-story.|And there's also a word in Italian for a story that is shorter than a novel. Do you know of it?
However, many romances, including the historical romances of Scott, Emily Brontë's ''Wuthering Heights'' and Herman Melville's ''Moby-Dick'', are also frequently called novels, and Scott describes romance as a ''kindred term''.|A novella, yes. That sounds like my kinda book, just the right length, some novels are way too long for my taste.|Oh, that's nice. Did you know that many romances, like "Wuthering Heights" by Emily Bronte, are often called novels?|Then of course there are novels like Moby-Dick.  That is WAY too long of a novel for me - my daugher had to read that last year for her English class.|Romance stories like Wuthering Heights or Moby Dick are also called novels. Have you read those?
His work was almost forgotten during his last 30 years.|I don't think so. Those classic books used to bore me to death.|I see, did you know his work was forgotten during his last 30 years?|They say Melvilles work was pretty much forgotten during his last 30 years - my daugher said the book spent 1/2 of the time just talking about the setting - that is wayyy too boring.|I see. On a similar note, there was one author whose work was forgotten for the last 30 years of his life.
Cinematography (also called ''Direction of Photography'') is the science or art of motion-picture photography by recording light or other electromagnetic radiation, either electronically by means of an image sensor, or chemically by means of a light-sensitive material such as film stock.|Hi buddy, What you think about cinematography|I'm a bot, so I can't watch movies. I know that it's the art or science of motion-picture photography.|Cinematography,is a type of motion picture , captured electronically by means of an image|Well, I know that it's involves motion-picture photography. What would you like to know?
Typically, a lens is used to repeatedly focus the light reflected from objects into real images on the light-sensitive surface inside a camera during a questioned exposure, creating multiple images.|I know that images can be captures with an electronic sensor that produces an electrical charge. I also know that the word "cinematography" comes from the Greek word meaning motion. Can you tell me something about how a camera works?|I can't say but a lens repeatedly focuses the light reflected from objects into real images on the light-sensitive surface inside a camera.||It works by lens used to repeatedly focus the light reflected from objects into real images on the light-sensitive surface .
Photography is the science, art, application and practice of creating durable images by recording light or other electromagnetic radiation, either electronically by means of an image sensor, or chemically by means of a light-sensitive material such as photographic film.|Muybridge sequence of a horse galloping In the 1830s, moving images were produced on revolving drums and disks|I see, did you know that photography is the practice of creating images by recording light or other electromagnetic radiation electronically?|Cinematography is also a type of photography which is the science, art, application and practice of creating durable images by recording light or other electromagnetic radiation, either electronically by means of an image sensor.|That's interesting. Taking single images is called photography. What do you think of cinematography?
A digital camera or digicam is a camera that captures photographs in digital memory.|I find it interesting because it finds uses in many fields of science and business as well as for entertainment purposes. Do you know anything about digital cameras?|I know that they are cameras that capture photographs in digital memory.|Some however prefer using   digital camera or digicam ,which is a camera that captures photograph.|Well, a digital camera, also called a digicam, captures the images onto digital memory.
Until the advent of such technology, photographs were made by exposing light sensitive photographic film and paper, which was processed in liquid chemical solutions to develop and stabilize the image.|Yes now digital camera is trendy|Cool, did you know that until the advent of such technology, photographs were made by exposing light sensitive photographic film and paper?||Prior to the advent of digital technology,  photographs were made by exposing light sensitive photographic film and paper, which was processed in liquid chemical .
Kindergarten (; from German , which literally means ''garden for the children'') is a preschool educational approach traditionally based on playing, singing, practical activities such as drawing, and social interaction as part of the transition from home to school.|The beginning of school for most kids|Oh, that's nice. Did you know that kindergarten is a preschool educational approach?|Hey. Kintergarten is usually the first experience kids have  with schooling. They play, sing, draw, and get their basic skills for schooling from it.|Hey, did you know that kindergarten is part of the from-home-to-school transition? It is based on, singing, playing and also social interaction
Today, the term is used in many countries to describe a variety of educational institutions and learning spaces for children ranging from two to seven years of age, based on a variety of teaching methods.|Yes, most kids start at six when entering.|I see, well the term is used in many countries to describe a variety of educational institutions and learning spaces for children ranging from 2 to 7 years of age.|Six is the entry age in a lot of places, but some countries start children at 2 years old, and others as old as 8.|Yeah, but the attending age ranges from 2 to 7 years old.
This is in contrast to other types of writing systems, such as syllabaries (in which each character represents a syllable) and logographies (in which each character represents a word, morpheme, or semantic unit).|kids will learn the sounds of the alphabet.|I see, well another type of writing system is syllabaries, where each character represents a syllable, and logographies.|That's true. And in countries where the native language is based on the syllable, they can learn syllabaries and logographies.|Yes, but there are other writing systems, like Syllabaries and logographies
Contemporarily, it is commonly seen only at graduation ceremonies, but formerly academic dress was, and to a lesser degree in many ancient universities still is, worn daily.|Very interesting. Kids will graduated from kinder into first grade with cap and gown.|I see, did you know that formerly academic dress was worn daily?|The cap and gown is common at graduations nowadays, but it used to be used daily in academic settings.|Well, academic dress is common at graduations nowadays, but it used to be used daily in universities
Etiquette ( or , ) is a code of behavior that delineates expectations for social behavior according to contemporary conventional norms within a society, social class, or group.|I never heard of that. I expect children to learn the etiquette at kindergarten|Oh, that's nice. It's a code of behavior that delineates expectations for social behavior according to conventional norms within a society, social class, or group.|Etiquette might be one of the most important skills. Social expectations for behavior help a child fit in with society.|I agree. Etiquette is actually a behavior code according to the contemporary conventional norms
Competitive running grew out of religious festivals in various areas.|Running is the way I relax.|I see, did you know that competitive running grew out of religious festivals in various areas?||Do you like to participate in competitive running at events like festivals?
Running has been described as the world's most accessible sport.|Running|Running is considered the most accessible sport in the world.|I'm guessing that's a yes. I to participate in running because the sport is easily accessible. There are events all over.|That's right, running! It's considered the most accessible sport in the world. Did you know that?
Records of competitive racing date back to the Tailteann Games in Ireland in 1829 BCE, while the first recorded Olympic Games took place in 776 BCE.|That makes sense. To answer your previous question, I just run on weekends. Do you know anything about the history of running?|I know that the first Olympic Games took place in 776 BCE.|Competitive running events date all the way back to the Tailteann Games in 1829, all the way in Ireland!|Competitive running events date to 1829 BCE in an event called the Tailteann Games, which were in Ireland.
It is assumed that the ancestors of humankind developed the ability to run for long distances about 2.6 million years ago, probably in order to hunt animals.|Oh, wow. I hadn't expected running to be mentioned there. What else do you know about running?|Well, I also know that humans' ancestors developed the ability to run long distances about 2.6 million years ago.||Humans likely developed the ability to run millions of years ago, so they cant hunt animals.
Pop music is a genre of popular music that originated in its modern form in the United States and United Kingdom during the mid-1950s.|I sure am a fan of Pop music these days. It is so much fun to listen too!|Oh, cool! Pop music originated in the US and UK during the mid 1950s.|Pop music is a genre of popular music that originated in its modern form in the United States , and yes it is fun to listen to|Oh you are?  Did you know it's a popular music genre that started in the US and UK in the 1950's?
Although much of the music that appears on record charts is seen as pop music, the genre is distinguished from chart music.|Yeah, I thought it was an American thing. :)|Yeah, but most of the music on record charts is seen as pop music, but the genre is different from chart music.|Although much of the music that appears on record charts is seen as pop music|Heh.  Did you know that pop music is considered a distinguished genre from chart music?
Pop music is eclectic, and often borrows elements from other styles such as urban, dance, rock, Latin, and country; nonetheless, there are core elements that define pop music.|Hmm no I didn't.  How would you describe pop music, anyhow?|I'm not sure, but it's eclectic and often borrows elements from other styles, like urban, dance, rock, and Latin.||Pop music is eclectic, and often borrows elements from other styles such as urban, dance
Identifying factors include generally short to medium-length songs written in a basic format (often the verse-chorus structure), as well as common use of repeated choruses, melodic tunes, and hooks.|That's cool! It does sound like a mix of all that.|I see, well there are several factors that identify songs. They are usually short to medium length.|Identifying factors include generally short to medium-length songs written in a basic format it is really interesting|Also, pop songs tend to be short to medium in length, and they commonly use choruses that repeat, hooks, and melodic tunes.
Although much of the music that appears on record charts is seen as pop music, the genre is distinguished from chart music.|You really know your technicals on Pop music!|Yeah, but most of the music on record charts is seen as pop music, but the genre is different from chart music.|Although much of the music that appears on record charts is seen as pop music, the genre is distinguished from chart music|Hah thanks!  I can also share that lots of music found on the charts is considered pop.
It was systematically taught in Japan after the Taishō era.|Do you know anything like karate|I know that it was taught in Japan after the Taish era.||I don't really know anything about karate, but it was taught in Japan after the Taisho era.
In 1924 Keio University established the first university karate club in mainland Japan and by 1932, major Japanese universities had karate clubs.|OK, tell me more about it|In 1924 Keio University established the first university karate club in mainland Japan.||The first university karate club in Japan was the Keio University started in 1924.
, abbreviated as or , is a Japanese private university located in Minato, Tokyo.|That's good. I need more update on that|Yeah, it's a Japanese private university located in Minato, Tokyo.||The Keio Univerity is a private university in Minato, Tokyo.
It has eleven campuses in Tokyo and Kanagawa.|Have you practiced karate before|No, I'm a bot, so I can't practice. I know that it has 11 campuses in Tokyo and Kanagawa.||I have never practiced it. Keio University has 11 campuses in Tokyo and Kanagawa.
Karate schools began appearing across the world, catering to those with casual interest as well as those seeking a deeper study of the art.|That's good information for me I think I love karate|I see, did you know that karate schools began appearing around the world?|It could be something good to learn. Karate is catered to those with a casual interest and a deep study of the art.|Interesting. Well, karate schools cater to those with both a casual interest and those who want to go deeper.
A bank teller (often abbreviated to simply teller) is an employee of a bank who deals directly with customers.|i would like to know about bank tellers|Well, I know that a bank teller deals directly with customers.|My mom was a bank teller.  They are the bank employees who deal directly with customers!|Let me tell you then. Bank tellers are employees that deal directly with costumers
Most banks provide on-the-job training.|cool what else can you tell me|Most banks provide on-the-job training.|Well, because banks provide on the job training, only a high school diploma is needed.|Well, I also know that training on the job is provided by the majotiry of the banks
Being front line staff they are most likely to detect and stop fraudulent transactions in order to prevent losses at a bank (counterfeit currency and checks, identity theft, confidence tricks, etc.).|that is very nice|They are most likely to detect and stop fraudulent transactions.|They are important though.  They are the ones most likely to detect and stop fraud, and deal with robbers if they come!|Yes, and a front line staff has a higher chance of detecting and stoping fraudulent activity
The position also requires tellers to be friendly and interact with the customers, providing them with information about customers' accounts and bank services.|that must be tough|I see, so you need tellers to be friendly and to interact with the customers.|Mom always said yes, that was hard, but she thought having to be friendly to all the customers was harder!  She said some were real pills.|Yeah, tellers are also required to be friendly to the customers and interact with them
Median annual earnings as of May 2006 were $22,140.|Interesting. I wonder about median annual earnings|I'm not sure, but median annual earnings were $22,140.|Yeah, average annual earning are only about $22,000.  I think she deserved hazard pay!|average annual earning were only about $22,000 as of 2006
The term running can refer to any of a variety of speeds ranging from jogging to sprinting.|I love running for exercise!  I feel so good after a long run!|Oh, cool! Did you know that running can be a variety of speeds?|Running is hard for me, I prefer to jog and I definitely cannot sprint!|That sounds interesting. Did you know that running as a term encompasses all speeds? So jogging and sprinting are both examples.
This is in contrast to walking, where one foot is always in contact with the ground, the legs are kept mostly straight and the center of gravity vaults over the stance leg or legs in an inverted pendulum fashion.|Oh really? I never thought about it like that. How does the definition work versus walking?|I'm not sure, but walking is where one foot is always in contact with the ground, the legs are mostly straight and the center of gravity vaults over the stance leg or legs in an inverted pendulum fashion.|Only if something is chasing me ha, I prefer to walk, one foot in front of the other if I am going that route with exercise|Walking means that a foot is always touching the ground. In addition, the legs stay mostly straight.
Running has been described as the world's most accessible sport.|That sounds a bit confusing since I feel like running still has the foot basically touching the ground just very briefly. Oh well, at least everyone can do it basically if they have working legs.|Yeah, it's considered the most accessible sport in the world.|Hmm, a few miles I would say. I have never ran competitively but can see why it is the worlds most accessible sport|That's interesting because running is been called the sport that is the most accessible.
It is the world's largest supplier of athletic shoes and apparel and a major manufacturer of sports equipment, with revenue in excess of US$24.1 billion in its fiscal year 2012 (ending May 31, 2012).|That's true. What's your favorite shoe brand? Is it Nike?|I'm a bot, so I don't have favorites. I know it's the largest supplier of athletic shoes in the world.|I have to say Nike is my favorite brand, I guess I am not alone since they are the world's largest athletic shoes and clothing supplier ha|I have no preference as a bot cannot run. However, speaking about Nike, did you know it is the largest supplier for athlete's shoes and their apparels? It made over $24 billion in 2012 in revenue.
As of 2012, it employed more than 44,000 people worldwide.|That's a lot of money dang. How many people works for them?|Over 44,000 people were employed worldwide as of 2012.|Right! I can see why they have to have 44,000 employees to keep up with the demand for their products!|For 2012, they had more than forty four thousand people working for them around the world.
Kobe beef is also called , or in Japanese.|I absolutely love beef, it's probably one of my favorite foods! What's your favorite food to make with beef?|I'm a bot, so I don't have favorites. I know that beef is also called kobe beef.|I don't  make it, but I love to eat it: Kobe Beef! Fancy Japanese style. Have you had it?|As I am a bot I don't eat food. Speaking of beef. Do you know Kobe beef ?
These were the four wagyū breeds, the Japanese Black, the Japanese Brown, the Japanese Polled and the Japanese Shorthorn.|Yes, Kobe Beef is awesome, the taste is so invigorating!|Oh, that's nice. Did you know that they were the four wagy breeds?|It is! It comes from a specific breed of Wagyu cattle that is bred in Japan. Most Kobe in the United States is actually mislabeled.|Yeah, have you had wagyu? There are four japanese breeds for it
These were the four wagyū breeds, the Japanese Black, the Japanese Brown, the Japanese Polled and the Japanese Shorthorn.|I have not. Can you tell me the name of one of those breeds ?|Yes, the four wagy breeds were the Japanese Black, the Brown, the Polled, and the Shorthorn.|Kobe beef specifically has to come from the prefecture of Hyogo, while Wagyu can be any beef from Japan.|Sure. One of the wagyu breeds is the the Japanese Black
Wagyu cattle's genetic predisposition yields a beef that contains a higher percentage of omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids than typical beef.|Thank you. What is different in a wagyu cattle?|I'm not sure, but beef that contains more omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids than beef.|Yeah. So it is likely that you have had Wagyu but not Kobe. Wagyu is still awesome though, it contains a higher percentage of omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids than other beef.|well, Wagyu cattle has a genetic predisposition that makes it yields more omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acids in beef.
Japan was effectively isolated from the rest of the world from 1635 until 1854; there was no possibility of intromission of foreign genes to the cattle population during this time.|Ahh, well that does make sense.. I'm sure you can't buy the legitimate Kobe Beef for a cheap price here in the USA...|I see, did you know that Japan was isolated from the rest of the world from 1635 until 1854?|Part of the reason Kobe is so specialized is because Japan was effectively isolated from the rest of the world from 1635 until 1854; there was no possibility of intromission of foreign genes to the cattle population at the time.|I can't confirm you that. But I know that no foreing genes were intromissioned to the japanese cattle population from 1635 to 1854 because Japan was isolated at that time
It is very similar to the French dish escalope, and the milanesa of Uruguay and Argentina.|I dearly love a good meatloaf with mashed potatoes!|Nice, did you know that it is similar to the French dish escalope?|I havent had a Schnitzel in a while. I never knew its similar to escalope, a french dish.|Have you heard of escalope, a French dish, or milanesa, a dish of Uruguay as well as Argentina? They're all close to each other.
The term is most commonly used to refer to meats coated with flour, beaten eggs and bread crumbs, and then fried, but some variants such as Walliser Schnitzel are not breaded.|No I have not actually. This makes me wonder why it's called meatloaf now.|I'm not sure, but the term is used to refer to meats coated with flour, beaten eggs, and breadcrumbs.|Thats sounds good. Its similar to the schnitzel with flour, eggs, and breadcrumbs.|The word came as a typically used way to call meat with flour coating. Did you know there are versions without bread though? One such example would be the Walliser Schnitzel.
Chicken cutlets are also very popular, but known as chicken schnitzel.|I don't think I have, a meatloaf without breading sounds interesting to make. Are there any other schnitzels?|I'm not sure, but chicken cutlets are also very popular.|Have you ever made meatloaf with something other than meat? Sometimes schnitzel are made from chicken.|Hm. Have you heard of the chicken schnitzel? It is quite popular but is also known as chicken cutlets.
Originating in Austria, the breaded schnitzel is popular in many countries and made using either veal, mutton, chicken, beef, turkey, reindeer, or pork.|I have heard of cutlets. I didn't know it was also refereed to as a schnitzel though. Where did the schnitzel come from?|It originated in Austria. It's popular in many countries.|Its sounds great. I dont know much about the history of meatloaf. I always thought of Schnitzel as being German. Turns out it originated from Austria.|The breaded schnitzel came from Austria. It's actually popular among a host of countries. You can use all sorts of meat to make it such as chicken to beef to even reindeer.
A casino is a facility which houses and accommodates certain types of gambling activities.|Growing up my dad owned a casino but i was never allowed inside|Oh, that's nice. Do you have any gambling activities?|That makes sense since you were young and casinos accommodate gambling activities|I see, what kind of gambling activities were housed there ?
Some casinos are also known for hosting live entertainment events, such as stand-up comedy, concerts, and sporting events.|I am not sure. What else do you know about casinos ?|Well, I also know that some casinos host live entertainment events like concerts and sporting events.|There many different types of games in the casinos and also casinos host live entertainment events, stand up comedy, concerts, and sporting events|Well, I know that casinos also host live events, like concerts, sand-up comedies and even sport events
''Casino'' is of Italian origin; the root ''casa'' (house) originally meant a small country villa, summerhouse, or social club.|Thats really cool I did not know that, Do you know anything else about them?|Yes, they were originally a country villa, social club, or summerhouse.||The word ''Casino'' is of Italian orgin and means a small country villa or social club
Casinos are most commonly built near or combined with hotels, restaurants, retail shopping, cruise ships or other tourist attractions.|I have always wondered where that name came from.|I'm not sure, but they are most commonly built near hotels, restaurants, retail shopping, cruise ships, and other tourist attractions.||Casinos are most commonly built near or combined with hotels, restaurants, retail shopping, cruise ships, or other tourist attractions
iPhone ( ) is a line of smartphones designed and marketed by Apple Inc.|Heyy, what do you think of Apple! I've owned an iphone my whole life and I'm not sure if I'll always want to own one.|I don't have an opinion about them, but I know that Apple is a company that makes and markets iPhones.|I love Apple, the iphone is my favorite smartphone.|Hmm well I don't have an opinion to offer, sorry.  I do know that Apple Inc. is the company that designs and markets iPhones.
They run Apple's iOS mobile operating system.|Yeah, I knew that!  Oh do you know what operating system they use?|I'm not sure, but they run the iOS mobile operating system.|I like that they run the iOS operating system.|Oh yeah, it's iOS.  It's a mobile operating system.
It is the operating system that presently powers many of the company's mobile devices, including the iPhone, iPad, and iPod Touch.|I guess I don't know how the iOS is different or better than, for example, an android's system. Does the iOS do something particularly well?|I'm not sure, but it is the operating system that currently powers many of the company's mobile devices.|It powers many of the iphones, ipads and ipod touches.|I don't know.  I do know that the same operating system is also used for iPod Touch and the iPad.
The iPhone has Wi-Fi and can connect to cellular networks.|I see, I suppose that's an important feature. Is there anything else you like about the iPhone?|I'm a bot, so I can't watch phones. I know that the iPhone has Wi-Fi and can connect to cellular networks.|I like that is has wi-fi and can connect to cell networks.|Um I can share that it can connect to cell networks as well as wifi.
In addition, Google has further developed Android TV for televisions, Android Auto for cars, and Android Wear for wrist watches, each with a specialized user interface.|That's true, that's a cornerstone of most smartphones. I would think that android could do that too! And for a cheaper price, to boot.|Yeah, and Google has also developed Android TVs, Android Autos, and Android Wear for wrist watches.|I do not know but I know it has ANdroid tv|I don't know.  Speaking of Android, did you know there's also Android Auto used in cars?  And  Google also developed Android TV, and Android Wear which is for wrist watches.
Sewing is the craft of fastening or attaching objects using stitches made with a needle and thread.|I like Sewing|Ah, that's the craft of attaching or fastening objects using stitches made with a needle and thread.|Yes I do too. I enjoy fastening or attaching objects using stitches made with a needle and thread.|Nice, When did you learn to attach objects using thread and a needle to make stitches?
Sewing is one of the oldest of the textile arts, arising in the Paleolithic era.|I learned as a kid. I wonder for how long it has been done|I'm not sure, but it's one of the oldest textile arts.||The history of sewing is quite old, right from the  Paleolithic era.
Before the invention of spinning yarn or weaving fabric, archaeologists believe Stone Age people across Europe and Asia sewed fur and skin clothing using bone, antler or ivory needles and ''thread'' made of various animal body parts including sinew, catgut, and veins.|Yes in anicient days the people stitch flur and animal skin wear dress|I see, did you know that Stone Age people in Europe and Asia sewed fur and skin clothing?||It would interest you to know that that archaeologists believe Stone Age people across Europe and Asia sewed fur and skin clothing using bone
For thousands of years, all sewing was done by hand.|Yes buddy, sewing is one of the creative art.|Oh, neat! Did you know that sewing was done by hand for thousands of years?|I hope you realize that before machine came into play, all sewing was done by hand.|Yeah, it's also interesting to notice that for a many years sewing was only done by hand
The first known use of the word ''sewing'' was in the 14th century.|Yes, M mother will stitch dress in hand for me|Oh, neat! Did you know the first known use of the word sewing was in the 14th century?|The word sewing was first used  was in the 14th century|How nice. The term sewing was first used in the fourteenth century
The Blue Ridge Parkway is a National Parkway and All-American Road in the United States, noted for its scenic beauty.|I love the blue ridge parkway. Are you familiar with it.|I know that it's a National Parkway and All-American Road in the US.||Isn't that the all-american roadway knon for its senic views?
The parkway, which is America's longest linear park, runs for through 29 Virginia and North Carolina counties, linking Shenandoah National Park to Great Smoky Mountains National Park.|Yes. It is beautiful. I love it in the fall.|Oh, cool! It runs through 29 Virginia and North Carolina counties.|It'a Americas longest linear park, it runs through 29 counties.|Oh really? Do you visit the Shenandoah National Park or the Smoky Mountains Park that are linked as well?
It runs mostly along the spine of the Blue Ridge, a major mountain chain that is part of the Appalachian Mountains.|I do in the fall I like to go from one to the other. I forgot the name of the mountain range that is by it though.|That's nice. It runs along the Blue Ridge mountain chain.|I've heard the spine along the Blue ridge is breathtaking.|The mountain range you refer to is called the Blue Ridge. It's actually a section in the Appalachians.
The parkway has been the most visited unit of the National Park System every year since 1946 except three (1949, 2013, and 2016).|That's really helpful, thank you for the reminder. Do you know anything else cool about the parkway?|Yes, it's been the most visited unit since 1946.|Its been on of the most visited Park System every year since 1946.|An interesting thing is that the parkway is the most visited part Park System since 1946. The only exceptions to that has been the years 1949, 2013 as well as 2016.
Leftover rotisserie chicken may be used in a variety of dishes, such as soup, chicken salad and sandwiches.|I love Rotisserie chicken!|Oh, that's nice. Did you know that chicken can be used in soup, sandwiches, and salad?|I like it too! I like to use leftover rotisserie chicken in sandwiches the next day.|Nice. Have you ever used the leftovers in dishes like soup, salad ot sandwiches ?
St-Hubert BBQ Ltd is a chain of Canadian casual dining restaurants best known for its rotisserie chicken.|Yes, So delicious! I love traditional ones and lemon pepper chickens|Oh, that's nice. Did you know that St-Hubert BBQ is a chain of casual dining restaurants?|In Quebec there is a chain of rotisserie chicken restaurants called St Hubert. HAve you ever been?|Good to know that. St-hubert is restaurant chain from canada that is known for rotisserie chicken
Swiss Chalet is a Canadian chain of casual dining restaurants founded in 1954 in Toronto, Ontario.|Amazing. but if i ever go to Canada i will definitely visit that restaurant|That's cool. Did you know that Swiss Chalet was founded in 1954?|If you don't make it to Quebec, every other place in Canada has chain called Swiss Chalet. It's pretty similar.|There is also another causal dining restaurant chain in canada called Swiss Chalet. Have you ever heard?
Barbecue chicken consists of chicken parts or entire chickens that are barbecued, grilled or smoked.|I have not. Do they have barbecue chicken there ?|I'm not sure, but they have chicken parts that are barbecued, grilled, or smoked.|Me too! I also love BBQ chicken, especially on a grill.|I am not sure about that. But speaking of barbecue chicken, do you like your grilled, smoked or barbecued?
Finance is a field that deals with the study of investments.|I work in Finance, what about you?|I'm a bot, so I can't work. I know that finance is a field that deals with the study of investments.|I work as an accountant.  It is somewhat related to finance.|Oh really? So you study investments?
Finance is a field that deals with the study of investments.|Yeah I do.|That's nice. Finance is a field that deals with the study of investments.|Finance should be more interesting than accounting.|What got you into this field of investment studying?
Finance is a field that deals with the study of investments.|I didn't quite hear that can you repeat it again?|I can't say but finance is a field that deals with the study of investments.|Finance deals with investments such as stocks while accounting is just record keeping.|I asked, what got you into this field of investment studying?
Finance aims to price assets based on their risk level and their expected rate of return.|I like to deal with money and see the things involved with it.|I see, well, finance aims to price assets based on their risk level and their expected return rate.|Finance would be preferred if I had to do it all over again.|Oh I see. So you like seeing price asset risk levels and return rates, things of those nature right?
Finance can be broken into three sub-categories: public finance, corporate finance and personal finance.|Yeah exactly. Do you know the types of finance there are?|I don't, but I know that finance can be divided into three sub-categories, public finance, corporate finance, and personal finance.||Finance has three sub categories.  Which one is related to your job.
The Labrador Retriever, or just Labrador, is a type of retriever-gun dog.|I'm thinking of getting dog. Maybe a Labrador Retriever.|Oh, that's nice. They're a retriever-gun dog.|I have heard it is a type of retriever-gun dog.|Oh interesting.  They are known as Labradors for short, right?
The Labrador is one of the most popular breeds of dog in Canada, the United Kingdom and the United States.|Yeah, do you know anything about that breed?|Yes, they are among the most popular breeds in Canada, the UK and the US.|You should give them a little running room. The Labrador is one of the most popular breeds of dog in Canada today!|Oh, well for starters, as far as breeds go it's among the most popular ones, in the US, the UK, and Canada.
A favourite disability assistance breed in many countries, Labradors are frequently trained to aid the blind, those who have autism, to act as a therapy dog, or to perform screening and detection work for law enforcement and other official agencies.|Really! I know they are popular with hunters in the US too!|They are a favourite breed for disability assistance in many countries.|Yeah I read in a book that they favor disability assistance breed in many countries, Labradors are frequently trained to aid the blind|Oh really?  I know they are also a disability assistance breed.   They are trained to help the blind and those with autism.  They are also used as therapy dogs.
Additionally, they are prized as sporting and hunting dogs.|I have seen them used for that too! What else do you know?|Well, I also know that they are prized as hunting and sporting dogs.||Well even today they are prized as sporting and hunting dogs.
A favourite disability assistance breed in many countries, Labradors are frequently trained to aid the blind, those who have autism, to act as a therapy dog, or to perform screening and detection work for law enforcement and other official agencies.|That's true although I don't think I would use it for that...|I see, did you know that Labradors are a favourite breed of disability assistance in many countries?||Well they can also perform screening and detection work for law enforcement
Its official languages are Spanish and English, though Spanish predominates.|Hello, I am mixed Puerto Rican and American|Hello, did you know that Spanish and English are official languages of Puerto Rica?|I hear that while most PR speak english, spanish is still the largest language there.|Oh really!  I understand that Spanish is the predominate language there.
Its official languages are Spanish and English, though Spanish predominates.|is there any other language that they speak?|I'm not sure, but Spanish and English are their official languages.|Although I'm sure some people speak other languages there, it says that english and spanish are the official languages|Well it has 2 official languages, Spanish and English.
The island's population is approximately 3.4 million.|How much is the population of Puerto Rico?|I'm not sure, but it has about 3.4 million people.|Since last checked it sits around 3.4 million people on the island|Oh it sits at about 3.4 million.
The capital and most populous city is San Juan.|3.4 millions is not a lot, What is the capital of Puerto Rico?|I'm not sure, but San Juan is the capital.||San Juan is the capital there. It also has the most people
The Marshall Court (1801–1835) heard forty-one criminal law cases, slightly more than one per year.|Fortunately I've never had to go to a circuit court for anything. Have you ever had a legal case?|No, I'm a bot, so I can't go to circuit court. I know that there were over 1 million criminal law cases in the Marshall Court.|Not that I'm aware, but the Marshal Court heard a total of 41 cases during its time.|I cannot as I am a bot. Have you heard ot the Marshall Court though? It listened to 41 criminal law cases over 1801 to 1835.
As marshals became trusted members of the courts of Medieval Europe, the title grew in reputation.|Interesting, can you tell me more about the Marshal Court? Not familiar with it.|Well, as marshals became trusted members of the courts of Medieval Europe, the title grew in reputation.|Well marshals were originally trusted members of the Medieval courts in Europe.|Well there were marshals during medieval Europe. They gained trust in the courts and their reputation grew as well.
His court opinions helped lay the basis for United States constitutional law and many say he made the Supreme Court of the United States a coequal branch of government along with the legislative and executive branches.|Oh that's interesting, I thought you were talking about the Marshall Court ran by John Marshall.|Yes, he made the Supreme Court a coequal branch of government along with the legislative and executive branches.||Yes his laws became the basis for many constitutional laws in the US.
John Marshall (September 24, 1755July 6, 1835) was an American politician and the fourth Chief Justice of the United States (1801–1835).|Well that's very important then as our constitution is what guides the law of our land, ideally anyway. Do you know more about John Marshall?|Yes, he was the fourth Chief Justice of the US.||He was the fourth Chief Justice of the United States.
Cooking techniques and ingredients vary widely across the world, from grilling food over an open fire to using electric stoves, to baking in various types of ovens, reflecting unique environmental, economic, and cultural traditions and trends.|I love cooking food. Are you a fan?|I'm a bot, so I can't cook. I know that cooking techniques and ingredients vary widely around the world.|Yeah I like cooking. Especially grilling over an open fire.|As I am a bot, cooking is not posible for me. But speaking of it, do you know cooking techniques like grilling or baking ?
Cooking is done both by people in their own dwellings and by professional cooks and chefs in restaurants and other food establishments.|I sure do, I love cooking certain foods. Pizza and pasta are common ones for me.|Oh, that's nice. Cooking is done by people in their own homes.|Yeah I like to cook at home but sometimes I leave it to the professional cooks and chefs and go out to dinner!|I see, Do you ever eat food done by prefessional chefs and cooks in restaurants ?
Cereals remained the most important staple during the early Middle Ages as rice was introduced late, and the potato was only introduced in 1536, with a much later date for widespread consumption.|I love going to restaurants. What else can you tell me about food ?|Well, I also know that rice was introduced late in the Middle Ages.|It's funny that during the Medieval period, their cooking contained mostly cereal with rice.|Well, I can tell you that during the Middle ages cereals were the staple that was the most important. Rice and potato were introduced only later
Cooking can also occur through chemical reactions without the presence of heat, such as in ceviche, a traditional South American dish where fish is cooked with the acids in lemon or lime juice.|Wow that's interesting. The food world has really diversified.|Cooking can also be done without heat.||Yeah or you can cook without heat. Like in South America they make ceviche, which is fish that is cooked in lemon or lime juice and the acid cooks the fish.
'''' is an animated television series produced by Hasbro as part of the ''My Little Pony'' toy franchise, which is tied in with the 2010 launch of dolls and play sets, and original programming for U.S. cable channel Discovery Family (formerly Hub Network).|I really love My Little Pony, Its such a good show, have you heard of it?|Yes, it's an animated television series that was made by Hasbro.|My kids love it!  It's  part of the ''My Little Pony'' toy franchise - my kids watch the show and have the toys!|Yes, it is part of the 2010 product launch for the toys. Do you have any of the toys?
The show received praise from television critics and parental groups.|Yes, I have lots of the MLP toys. Who makes the MLP toys do you know?|I don't know who makes them, but I know that the show received praise from television critics and parents groups.|I think they are made by Hasbro - interestingly, the show garnered a lot of praise from parental groups and television critics! That doesn't happen often!|No, I don't know, but I know that the show has gotten praise from both critics and from parental groups.
Under Hasbro's guidance, Faust developed the show to appeal to the target demographic of young girls and their parents, but created characters and settings that challenged formerly stereotypical norms of ''girly'' images, and added adventure and humorous elements to keep parents interested.|Yes I think something like that is pretty rare, MLP in my opinion caters to a wide spectrum of people and even adults.|I see, did you know that Faust developed the show to appeal to the target demographic of young girls?|The show was actually developed to appeal to girls, their target demographic! But my son loves the show anyway!|It's interesting you said that, because the show was originally made to appeal to girls, but without as much of the "girly" stereotypes.
The fandom adopted the name brony (plural bronies), a portmanteau of ''bro'' and ''pony''.|That's awesome, The shows animation is so good that even adults like moms will enjoy watching it, especially with their kids.|Oh, really? Did you know that the fandom adopted the name bronies?||There's quite a fandom out there - they call themselves bronies or brony - that's a combination of ''bro'' and ''pony''  LOL
Eight events have occurred to date, with the most recent one in July 2016 drawing in 7,609 attendees.|Oh yes, I have heard of them, They have conventions every year if I'm not mistaken. Do you happen to know where the next one will be held?|Yes, the most recent one was in July 2016 and had 7,609 attendees.|BronyCon?  I don't know when the next one is, but the 2016 BronyCon had 7,609 attendees!|No, I don't, but I know that the one in 2016 attracted 7,609 people!
Radiohead are an English rock band from Abingdon, Oxfordshire, formed in 1985.|I just heard a song by Radiohead. It was great!|Oh, cool! Did you know they're from Abingdon, Oxfordshire?|I love Radiohead! It's hard to believe that they've been together since 1985!|Oh?  Hey did you know they are English?  Their rock band was formed in 1985.
Radiohead's third album, ''OK Computer'' (1997), propelled them to international fame; noted for its complex production and themes of modern alienation, it is often acclaimed as a landmark record of the 1990s and one of the best albums in popular music.|That is impressive! Are they pretty popular?|I'm not sure, but their third album, OK Computer, made them international fame.||Very much so! Their third album, OK Computer, is often acclaimed as one of the best albums in popular music!
Other than the song ''Lucky'', which was recorded in 1995, Radiohead recorded the album in Oxfordshire and Bath between 1996 and early 1997, mostly in the historic mansion St Catherine's Court.|Wow I've never heard of that before! What were some of the songs on the album|I'm not sure, but Radiohead recorded the album in Bath and Oxfordshire between 1996 and 1997.||Lucky was the title to one of the songs. It was recorded before the others. Most of the album was recorded in a historic mansion!
After signing to EMI in 1991, Radiohead released their debut single ''Creep'' in 1992.|That's really cool!What else can you tell me about the band?|Well, I can tell you that they released their debut single in 1992, "Creep".|Their very first single which was released in 1991 was one of their biggest hits. Maybe you've heard the song Creep?|Oh let's see...well they signed with EMI in 1991.  Their debut single was called "Creep."
It became a worldwide hit after the release of their debut album, ''Pablo Honey'' (1993).|That was the song that I listened too!|That's awesome! They released their debut album, "Pablo Honey" in 1993.|I love that song! I used to have the CD! It was called Pablo Honey.|Oh!  That song was a worldwide hit.   Their debut album was called "Pablo Honey," which came out in 1993.
Parenting or child rearing is the process of promoting and supporting the physical, emotional, social, and intellectual development of a child from infancy to adulthood.|Hi, Can you tell me about parenting?|Yes, parenting involves promoting and supporting the emotional, physical, and social development of a child.|its the process of promoting and supporting the physical, emotional, social, and intellectual development of your kid, its really important for kids|Oh sure!  It's the process of supporting and promoting a child's intellectual, social, emotional and physical development.
Parenting refers to the intricacies of raising a child aside from the biological relationship.|Thats fair enough, do you have kids?|I'm a bot, so I can't have kids. I know that parenting involves the intricacies of raising a child, aside from the biological relationship.|No, but i am planing to have a big family one day, i really like the thought of raising a child|I don't!  Bots don't have children.  I do know that raising a child is an intricate process though!
Parenting skills vary, and a parent with good parenting skills may be referred to as a ''good parent''.|Yeah i dont have kid's but i'm really looking forward to it soon. When do you think is a good age to have kids?|I'm not sure, but I know that a good parent can be called a "good parent".|Well its subjective, some have in their 20's some in their 40's when ever it feels right, parenting skills vary|Well that I can't say.  But I know that to be called a "good parent," a parent must have good parenting skills.  They vary, parenting skills!
The most common caretaker in parenting is the biological parent(s) of the child in question, although others may be an older sibling, a grandparent, a legal guardian, aunt, uncle or other family member, or a family friend.|That sounds about right, what else can you tell me about having kids?|Well, the biological parent is the most common caretaker in parenting, though others are a legal guardian, aunt, uncle, or other family member.|I think its a great thing :D Parent figures are also an older sibling, a grandparent, a legal guardian, aunt, uncle or other family member|Hmm let's see.  Oh!  A grandparent, legal guardian, and even an older sibling can be a parenting caretaker!
Two species are included in the genus ''Iguana'': the green iguana, which is widespread throughout its range and a popular pet, and the Lesser Antillean iguana, which is native to the Lesser Antilles and endangered due to habitat destruction.|I have a few Iguanas. They're pretty exciting pets. Have you ever seen one?|I have not, but I know that there are two species in the Iguana genus, the green iguana, and the Lesser Antillean iguana.|Yes, I have one of the more common ones, the green iguana.|I know some facts about it, including the fact that the iguana genus has two species that are the green iguana and also the Lesser Antillean
Iguanas can range from in length, including their tail.|Awesome. They are very good swimmers. I take them in our pool outside sometimes. They look a lot like dinosaurs!|I see, did you know that they can range in length?|How big are yours? Mine are fairly small.|Yeah, and alse they vary in lenght
The genus was first described in 1768 by Austrian naturalist Josephus Nicolaus Laurenti in his book ''Specimen Medicum, Exhibens Synopsin Reptilium Emendatam cum Experimentis circa Venena''.|Interesting. What else do you know about them ?|Well, I also know that the genus was first described in 1768 by Josephus Nicolaus Laurenti.||They were first described in 1768 by an Austrian naturalist.
Iguana (, ) is a genus of herbivorous lizards that are native to tropical areas of Mexico, Central America, South America, and the Caribbean.|Interesting, and from what area of the world are they from?|I'm not sure, but I know they are native to tropical areas like Mexico, South America, and the Caribbean.||They can be found in Mexico, Central America, South American, and the Caribbean
Behind their necks are small scales which resemble spokes, known as tuberculate scales.|Cool. I just bought mine at the pet store! It's amazing to think they come from these areas.|Oh, cool! Behind their necks are small scales that resemble spokes.||Does yours have scales behind their neck?
Sandwiches, hamburgers, french fries, and other regional fast food fare is common.|There are a ton of Food Trucks around here. They tend to show up at all the breweries.|I see, did you know that sandwiches, hamburgers, french fries and other fast food fare is common?|I have one in my neighborhood they sell everything Sandwiches, hamburgers, french fries, they make food really rasty|That's neat. Do any of them sell any regional food?
Food trucks, along with portable food booths and food carts, are on the front line of the street food industry that serves an estimated 2.5 billion people every day.|There is one around here that sells chicken and waffles... and ramen noodles. I don't know if I understand.|I don't know about that but food trucks, food carts, and portable food booths are on the street food front line.|They serve an estimated 2.5 billion people every day, so they have to have everything :D|Well, they do serve something like 2.5 billion people a day.
Food trucks, along with portable food booths and food carts, are on the front line of the street food industry that serves an estimated 2.5 billion people every day.|2.5 billion! Whoa! I had no idea food trucks were so widespread.|They serve around 2.5 billion people a day.||Yes, food trucks, along with portable food booths and food carts, they are an important part of food industry
Food consisted of dried beans, coffee, cornmeal, greasy cloth-wrapped bacon, salt pork, beef, usually dried or salted or smoked, and other easy to preserve food stuffs.|Ohhh. So street meat too. That makes sense.|Foods included dried beans, cornmeal, greasy cloth-wrapped bacon, salt pork, beef, and other things.||Before they just sold dried beans, coffee, cornmeal, greasy cloth-wrapped bacon, salt pork, and other things easy to preserve
The Vancouver Grizzlies were a Canadian professional basketball team based in Vancouver, British Columbia.|What do you think about the Vancouver Grizzlies, are you a fan?|I'm a bot, so I can't watch basketball. I know they were based in Vancouver, British Columbia.|Yeah! I love to watch Canadian basketball and they're probably my favorite team.|As a bot, I can't watch basketball, but I know they were from Vancouver in Canada. Are you a fan?
Basketball is a limited-contact sport played on a rectangular court.|No, I actually don't know much about basketball. Can you tell me more about it?|Well, I know that basketball is played on a rectangular court.|gee there's so many basketball teams, I have no idea where to begin. it's a limited contact sport and probably 100's of teams. Have you ever played it?|Well, it's a sport with limited contact that is played on a court that is rectangular in shape. Have you ever played it?
A team sport includes any sport which involves two or more players working together towards a shared objective.|No I haven't, I've never participated in team sports. What about you?|I'm a bot, so I can't participate in any sport. I know that there are two players working together to achieve a shared goal.|Yes, while team sports can be any sport that involves two or more people, I actually prefer sports like competitive running. Do you ever jog?|Ah, so you've never participated in a sport with other teammates. Have you done any individual sports?
Running is a method of terrestrial locomotion allowing humans and other animals to move rapidly on foot.|Yes! i love running, I've participated in many races as a non-competitive runner.|Oh, cool! Running allows humans and other animals to move quickly on foot.|Awesome! I love it as a mode of terrestrial locomotion. It's fun moving rapidly on the feet. I'm actually training for a marathon at the moment that I will run in the fall. What distances do you run?|Neat! Running can be done by humans or other animals. What distances do you run?
Vegetarianism has its roots in the civilizations of ancient India and ancient Greece.|I'm interested in vegetarianism and would like more information on being a Vegan.  Do you know much about this?|Yes, it has roots in ancient India and Greece.||I know vegetarianism has its roots in ancient India and Greece
Vegetarianism is the practice of abstaining from the consumption of meat (red meat, poultry, seafood, and the flesh of any other animal), and may also include abstention from by-products of animal slaughter.|Really.  What exactly are the parameters for vegetarianism.  Is dairy allowed?|I'm not sure, but vegetarianism involves abstaining from eating meat.|Vegetarianism is where you don't eat any meat or seafood.  Some people still eat dairy but some do not|Well, I know that it is when you abstain from consuming meat and sometimes also iclude abstaining from animal slaughter by-products
Some studies found that drinking small quantities of alcohol (up to one standard drink per day for women and one to two drinks per day for men) is associated with a decreased risk of heart disease, stroke, diabetes mellitus, metabolic syndrome and early death.|I kind of don't want to give up dairy, but would if it brought better benefits.  What are the health benefits?|I'm not sure, but I know that drinking a small amount of alcohol is associated with a decreased risk of heart disease, stroke, and early death.|I am not sure but I know drinking wine is good for you!|I am not sure about that. But I know that if you drink small amounts of alcohol you may have less rink of stroke, heart diseases and even early death
Some studies found that drinking small quantities of alcohol (up to one standard drink per day for women and one to two drinks per day for men) is associated with a decreased risk of heart disease, stroke, diabetes mellitus, metabolic syndrome and early death.|Well that makes me happy.  I love wine!|Do you drink a small amount of alcohol? It's associated with a decreased risk of heart disease, stroke, and early death.|I do too!  Some studies have shown a decreased risk of heart problems and diabetes among other things.|I see, but the studies showed that the small amounts are up to one drink (standard) per day for females and up to two for males
McDonald's is a fast food company that was founded in 1940 as a restaurant operated by Richard and Maurice McDonald, in San Bernardino, California, United States.|Hi, Do you like to eat in McDonald's ?|I'm a bot, so I can't eat. I know that they were founded in 1940.|Sometimes. The fast food chance has been around since 1940 and started in California.|I'm a bot and can't eat, so no I've never been. Did you know McDonald's was founded back in 1940?
Fast food is a mass-produced food that is prepared and served very quickly.|No, I didn't realize it was that old. That said, I think fast food has lot of health issues too. Do you agree with that?|I'm a bot, so I can't eat. I do know that fast food is made very quickly.|I am healthy, but i do not agree with that. Fast food is mass produced and served quickly is why.|I can't speak to the health issues, but fast food is mass produced and served quickly.
Food from many hamburger outlets, pizza and fried chicken outlets is often considered as junk food.|But lot of Doctors advised to avoid Fast foods.|I see, did you know that food from a lot of restaurants like hamburgers and pizzas is often considered junk food?|Yes it is basically junk food from any hamburger.|Yes, fast food is generally considered to be junk food. Do you eat it?
Junk food can also refer to high protein food like meat prepared with saturated fat.|I do sometimes, but yes, I agree it is junk food.|I see, well, junk food can also refer to high protein food like meat prepared with saturated fat.|Yes junk food can also refer to high protein food like meat with saturated fat.|Just so we're clear, junk food often refers to food  like meat that is made with saturated fat, right?
Another prominent form of surfing is body boarding, when a surfer rides a wave on a bodyboard, either lying on their belly, drop knee, or sometimes even standing up on a body board.|I enjoy the summer.  It makes me think of vacations at the beach and going surfing|Cool, do you also like body boarding? It's a form of surfing that is riding a wave on a bodyboard.|Surfing is a lot of fun! I live in Florida, so we have a lot of surfers and body boarders.|Interesting. Did you know that body boarding is a prominent surfing form ?
The term ''surfing'' refers to the act of riding a wave, regardless of whether the wave is ridden with a board or without a board, and regardless of the stance used.|I am actually probably more comfortable body boarding.  It does not require the skill and coordination that surfing does|I see, did you know that surfing is a act of riding a wave with or without a board?|It is a little bit easier than what most people think of when it comes to surfing, but ''surfing'' actually refers to riding a wave! So it doesn't matter how you stand.|Yeah, and surfing actually refers to rinding a wave, it doesn't matter if there is a board being used or not
The native peoples of the Pacific, for instance, surfed waves on alaia, paipo, and other such craft, and did so on their belly and knees.|That makes sense. What else can you tell me ?|Well, I can tell you that the native peoples of the Pacific surfed waves on craft like alaia and paipo.|Definitely. I don't know if I could surf like the pros, though. I'd rather surf like natives, on my belly and on my knees.|Well, I can tell you that Pacific native people surfed on their knees and belly, surfing waves on paipo and alaia
It has affected music, clothing fashion, literature, film, art, and youth jargon in popular culture' the number of surfers throughout the world continues to increase.|Very interesing. Surfing is very popular|I see, did you know that surfing has affected music, clothing, and even film?|That's a good point. I love surf culture though. The music, the fashion, the art, it's all so laid back.|Yeah, the number of people surfing around the world keeps increasing, and it has an effect in music, literature and even clothing fashion
The history of surfing began with the ancient Polynesians.|Yes, it appears that they live a life of relative easy and stress free.  We should all be so lucky|Well, surfing began with the ancient Polynesians.|I know! I wish I could be like that all the time, or like the ancient Polynesians who invented surfing!|I agree. Did you know that surfing started with ancient polynesians?
A lesbian is a homosexual woman who is romantically or sexually attracted to other women.|Have you ever met a lesbian? I know several and they are very nice.|No, I'm a bot, so I can't meet people. I know that they are homosexual women who are attracted to other women.|Oh my goodness, I'm excited about this topic, I am a lesbian! I am married to a woman.|I do not know since I am a bot for information. They are homosexual women that are attracted to women.
Throughout history, women have not had the same freedom or independence to pursue homosexual relationships as men, but neither have they met the same harsh punishment as homosexual men in some societies.|I wonder how lesbians were treated in history?|I'm not sure, but women have not had the same freedom or independence to pursue homosexual relationships as men.|It's true- throughout history lesbians have had to keep their sexuality to themselves. I'm glad that has changed.|In history, women had less ability to be lesbians. However, some societies did not punish them as hard as the homosexual men received.
A lesbian is a homosexual woman who is romantically or sexually attracted to other women.|I see. What was the lesbian definition again?|I'm not sure, but they are homosexual women who are attracted to other women either romantically or sexually.|We are lesbian parents, but our children are grown ups now. We've been in a romantic relationship for 22 years, but only married for 16.|A lesbian are women, homosexual, who are interested romantically with women.
In the United States, an estimated 1 million to 9 million children have at least one lesbian or gay parent.|I see. Thanks. Do you know how many children have homosexual parents?|I'm not sure, but there are around 1 million to 9 million children in the US that have at least one gay parent.|Our children are part of the 1 to 9 million children of same-sex parents in the US (though we're Canadian). We used a donor and I carried.|Estimates place around one to nine million kids with at least one homosexual parent.
LGBT parenting refers to lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) people raising one or more children as parents or foster care parents.|Awesome to know. Is there anything else you can tell me?|Yes, LGBT parenting refers to lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender people raising one or more children as parents.|Thanks! I glad I met someone who is interested in learning about LGBT parenting! Not everyone supports it.|There is LGBT parenting. It is the term to call homosexual or bisexual or transgender parents raising children.
A depressed mood is a normal temporary reaction to life events such as loss of a loved one.|I'm feeling a bit down right now. Have you ever felt depressed?|No, I'm a bot, so I can't feel depressed. I know that it's a normal temporary reaction to events like loss of a loved one.|Not at the moment. Sometimes it is a normal temporary reaction to life events. I hope everything is ok for you!|Sorry to hear you are depressed. As a bot, I'm incapable of emotions. Luckily, depression is usually temporary.
Further feelings expressed by these individuals may include feeling ashamed or an expressed restlessness.|Thanks, I guess it does happen to us all at some point. Maybe if we talk about something else I will feel better. Do you have any dogs?|I don't have dogs, but I know that there are feelings that are expressed by these individuals like being ashamed or restless.|It's ok. It's not something to feel ashamed about. No I don't but my girlfriend has a nice chiwawa :P|Some people also feel restless during depression. Anyway, as a bot, I can't keep dogs. Do you have any?
Pinscher is a type of dog developed originally as ratters on farms and for fighting or guarding, although today they are most often kept as pets.|I have a miniature pinscher. Do you know anything about them?|I know that they were originally ratters on farms.|Cool! I think pinschers are the dogs that were bred to hunt for rats on farms? No I don't have any at the moment. I'd love to get a cat though!|I do! Pinschers were originally bred as sort of guard or fighting dogs and would catch rats on farms. These days they're mostly kept as pets.
The dachshund ( or or ) is a short-legged, long-bodied, hound-type dog breed.|Neat, I didn't know that's what pinschers were for, but  I know dachshunds were bred to hunt badgers.|I don't know about pinschers, but they're a hound-type breed.|What? Haha, that's hilarious. I can imaging a dachshund hunting with is short legs and long body. They don't seem like hunters.|That's interesting, because dachshunds have short legs. How can they run after the badgers?
Badgers are short-legged omnivores in the family Mustelidae, which also includes the otters, polecats, weasels, and wolverines.|It does seem weird, but their body is perfectly shapred to travel underground through the tunnels that the badgers dig!|I see, well they are also short-legged omnivores in the family Mustelidae.||I guess that makes sense. Badgers also have short legs too and are part of the family Mustelidae.
Although sometimes defined as ''an electronic version of a printed book'', some e-books exist without a printed equivalent.|Hi! do you like E-books?|I'm a bot, so I can't read. I know that some e-books exist without a printed equivalent.|I do, there are some e books that do not have a print equivalent.|Hmm well I can't read, I'm just a bot.  Did you know though that some e-books don't have a printed equivalent?
Since June 2015, it has consisted of guitarist Steve Howe, drummer Alan White, keyboardist Geoff Downes, singer Jon Davison, and bassist Billy Sherwood, with no remaining founding members.|No I didn't!   Do you know anything about Steve Howe?|Yes, Steve Howe has been guitarist since June 2015, with no founding members.|I winder if there is an e book about Jon Davison. The lead singer of the band Yes.|Oh, since 2015 he has been in a musical group with Alan White, Geoff Downes, Billy Sherwood and John Davison.
The role of a librarian is continually evolving to meet social and technological needs.|Oh I see.  Hey what do you know about librarians?|Well, I know that the role of a librarian is constantly evolving.|Unlike the e reader, Librarians are constantly evolving t meet our needs as readers, no updates required.|Librarians?  Oh I know that the role is constantly evolving, to meet technological and social needs.
A library is a collection of sources of information and similar resources, made accessible to a defined community for reference or borrowing.|Oh I see.   I like libraries, what do you know about them?|I know that they are a collection of sources of information and similar resources.|it's like their is a library in your pocket, and you are its own personal defined community!|Um a library's a collection of information sources that are accessible for borrowing or reference.
It provides physical or digital access to material, and may be a physical building or room, or a virtual space, or both.|yup. I wonder how many books it can hold.|I'm not sure, but it can be a physical building, virtual space, or physical access to material.|since it is a virtual space, i believe the limit does not exist.|Good question, I have no idea!  Another thing about a library is that it can be physical or virtual in nature, or indeed both.
Apple picking is an activity found at apple farms.|I really love picking fruit from my garden, it really is good to pass the time and it relaxes me. Do you pick fruit?|I'm a bot, so I can't pick fruit. I know that apple picking is an activity found at apple farms.|I really like to go to apple farms and pick apples!  They are so fresh and tasty!|Oh nice!  Oh I can't do that.  I'm a bot.  I know it's an activity at apple farms though.
Fruit picking or fruit harvesting is a seasonal activity (paid or recreational) that occurs during harvest time in areas with fruit growing wild or being farmed in orchards.|Yeah it is.  Can you tell me anything else about fruit picking?|Well, I can tell you that fruit picking is a seasonal activity that occurs during harvest time in areas with fruit growing wild.|I like the Granny Smith apples.  Picking them is a seasonal activity for my family!|Oh let's see, where to start.  It's a seasonal activity that can be either recreational or paid.  It goes on during harvest time.  Fruit picking can involve either wild fruit or farmed fruit.
Many have petting zoos, restaurants and country shops that sell related products such as home-made jams and jellies.|Hmm okay. Can you tell me anything about the fruit farms?|I can tell you that many have petting zoos, restaurants and country shops that sell related products such as home-made jams and jellies.|Exactly!  Some even have things like petting zoos for the kids, and country shops that sell apple related products.|Hey sure I can.   Some of them have restaurants, country shops with jams and jellies, and even petting zoos!
A petting zoo (often called, or part of, a ''''children's zoo'''') features a combination of domesticated animals and some wild species that are docile enough to touch and feed.|I never been to one that had a petting zoo, What kind of animals did they have?|I'm not sure, but they have a combination of domesticated animals and some wild species that are docile enough to touch and feed.|Animals such as deer and ducks.  Mostly domesticated animals with a few docile wild species.|Oh they have domesticated animals, and also docile wild animals.  The animals are for touching and feeding.
The Labrador is one of the most popular breeds of dog in Canada, the United Kingdom and the United States.|Labs are some of my favorite dogs, since they're so friendly!|Oh, cool! Did you know they're among the most popular dogs breeds in Canada, the UK and the US?|I love labradors! They're one of the most popular dogs in Canada, the UK, and the US!|That's great! Labradors are among the most popular dog breeds in Canada, the UK, and the US!
A favourite disability assistance breed in many countries, Labradors are frequently trained to aid the blind, those who have autism, to act as a therapy dog, or to perform screening and detection work for law enforcement and other official agencies.|No wonder! They are such great family pets.|They are a favourite breed for disability assistance in many countries.|They really are, and they're a favorite disability assistance breed dog in many countries too|They are also a popular breed for disability assistance in many countries. Do you have a Labrador?
Obedience training is often a prerequisite for or component of other training.|That makes sense too, they are really smart dogs! I do have a lab, but he needs some training.|Oh, that's nice. Obedience training is often a prerequisite for other training.|Before becoming an assistance dog they usually require obedience training as a prerequisite.|Assistance dogs also require obedience training before they can start working.
State and local governments, businesses, and nonprofit organizations that serve the public generally must allow service animals to accompany people with disabilities in all areas of the facility where the public is normally allowed to go.|I would hope so, otherwise they wouldn't be very good at their jobs haha.|I see, well the state and local governments, businesses, and nonprofit organizations that serve the public generally must allow service animals to accompany people with disabilities in all areas of the facility.||Exactly especially since state and local governments and businesses must allow them to accomany people with disabilites in all areas of their facilities
My Little Pony is an entertainment franchise developed by Hasbro, originally as a toy line for girls.|I like to play outside in the sun with my dolls. Especially My Little Pony.|Oh, cool! Did you know that it was originally a toy line for girls?|Hasbro developed little pony|Sounds like fun. Did you know that My little Pony was developed by Hasbro?
Such symbols are referred to in the two most recent incarnations as ''cutie marks.''|Very true. Hasbro is a great toy company.|I see, did you know that in the two most recent incarnations, "cutie marks" are referred to as "cutie marks"?|''Cutie marks'' are referred as symbols|Yeah, and there are cutie marks, which are symbols in the last two incarnations
It features characters and settings developed by Lauren Faust, who sought to create more in-depth characters than the stereotypical ''girly'' icons used in previous iterations of the franchise.|Oh really? Are they on the ponies?|I'm not sure, but Lauren Faust created the characters and settings.|Lauren Faust developed characters and settings|Well, I know that the characters and settings were a development by Lauren Faust. She wanted to create characters that were more in-depth
The series premiered on October 10, 2010, on The Hub cable channel.|Very cool. I have never heard of her.|The show premiered on October 10, 2010, on The Hub cable channel.|The Hub Cable channel premiered on October 10,2010|I see. The series had its premiere on 2010 on Hub Cable, did you know that ?
Vegetarianism is the theory and practice of voluntary non-consumption of the flesh of any animal (including sea animals), with or without also eschewing other animal derivatives (such as dairy products or eggs).|Vegetarianism, or the Pythagorean diet, has been around for thousands of years, going back all the way to ancient greece.|Ah, yes, it's the practice of voluntary non-consumption of the flesh of any animal.|I know this as well. It has a theory and practice of voluntary non-consumption of the flesh of any animal|Did you also know that sea animals fall under the animals to not be eaten?
The Paleolithic era is followed by the Mesolithic.|Yes, and you could also say that our paleolithic and neolithic ancestors also practiced this diet, as they consumed mainly a plant based diet ( plants can't run away ).|Yes, the Paleolithic era followed by the Mesolithic.|That is quite funny. Then what do you have to say about the Mesolithic era which followed the Paleolithic era|The Mesolithic era is what occurs next after the Paleolithic. What do you think about that one?
The Stone Age was a broad prehistoric period during which stone was widely used to make implements with an edge, a point, or a percussion surface.|well, in the mesolithic, people became sedentary farmers and began to keep animals as food, if you trust the archaeologists.|I don't know about that but the Stone Age was a prehistoric period.|Well I trust them like everyone do. I believe their story about the stone age. Perhaps it is believable that before the discoveries  stone was widely used to make implements|How do you feel about it during the Stone Age? The period where stone was the material used to make things.
Vegetarianism may be adopted for various reasons.|I have not researched much into that. What do you think is the reason vegetarianism is taken up?|I'm not sure, but I know that vegetarianism can be adopted for various reasons.|Why I think vegetarians should be a supported society is that most of them come together for various reason. I like some of the reasons and I do not like some|I do not know the exact reasons, only that there are various ones for its adoption.
Activism consists of efforts to promote, impede, or direct social, political, economic, or environmental reform or stasis with the desire to make improvements in society.|i really want to get involved in politics|Do you like to promote, impede, or direct social, political, economic, or environmental reform?||Well there is activism. It is when you make an effort to impede or promote economic, political, or environment reform.
Forms of activism range from writing letters to newspapers or to politicians, political campaigning, economic activism such as boycotts or preferentially patronizing businesses, rallies, street marches, strikes, sit-ins, and hunger strikes.|yea thats true, how do i go about it|I'm not sure, but I know that political campaigns can range from boycotts to hunger strikes.||To get involved with activism you can write letters to politicians or the newspapers.
Forms of activism range from writing letters to newspapers or to politicians, political campaigning, economic activism such as boycotts or preferentially patronizing businesses, rallies, street marches, strikes, sit-ins, and hunger strikes.|that sounds like its gonna take a lot of work, i want to get straight to the top very quickly|Yeah, and also political campaigning, like boycotts, street marches, and more.|Other ways to get into Activism is to join a group. They participate in rallies, strikes, hunger strikes, and street marches.|I see, Other ways to get into Activism is participating in rallies, strikes, hunger strikes, and street marches.
One can also express activism through different forms of art (artivism).|that sounds like fun|Yeah, and there are different forms of art that express activism.||Some people participate in Activism through art.
Parenting skills vary, and a parent with good parenting skills may be referred to as a ''good parent''.|Hi there, I'm a parent to 3 beautiful children. It's more difficult than people think. Are you a parent?|I'm a bot, so I can't be a parent. I know that a good parent can be called a "good parent".|Yes, I have two wonderful children myself. I try to be a good parent, but it can be difficult to know if the decisions you make are the right ones, can't it?|Being a parent is not posible for a bot. But I know that a good parent is a parent that has good parenting skills
Parenting refers to the intricacies of raising a child aside from the biological relationship.|Definitely! Especially with social media the way it is nowadays. Everyone seems to have a different opinion or likes to criticize every single decision we make.|I see, did you know that parenting is the intricacies of raising a child?|I totally agree. Most people just don't realize that being a parent goes beyond the biological aspects of it, and there is much more to raising a child than that. There are always critics!|Yeah. It is interesting to notice that parenting is not only about the biological relationship
Governments and society may have a role in child-rearing as well.|Exactly, and the older children get the more they are exposed to the real world before I'm actually ready for them to see it. My daughter was asking for an Iphone at 5 years old. Cell phones weren't even around when I was that age.|I see, did you know that government and society can also play a role in child-rearing?|Me either! Not to mention that beyond the social media, there is even the government and society that tries to add their two sense to your parenting decisions.|I see. Did you know that society and also the government can have a part in the rearing of a child?
Others may be adopted, raised in foster care, or placed in an orphanage.|I had no idea. Can you tell me more?|Sure, others can be adopted, raised in foster care, or placed in an orphanage.|We did too! We went outside. I feel sorry for children without parents, living in foster care, that's very sad.|Well, I know that there are also kids that may be adopted, allocated in an orphanage, or live in foster care
The most common caretaker in parenting is the biological parent(s) of the child in question, although others may be an older sibling, a grandparent, a legal guardian, aunt, uncle or other family member, or a family friend.|It's horrible. The numbers just keep rising. Becoming a foster parent is very high on my list. I just hurt for those children so much.|I see, well the biological parent is the most common caretaker in parenting.|Well it helps to have family to help too|Well, a caretaker can also be a grandparent, older sibling, uncle, other family members or even a legal guardian
Severe problem gambling may be diagnosed as clinical pathological gambling if the gambler meets certain criteria.|I have a friend who has a real bad gambling problem.|Oh, that's nice. Have you ever had a serious problem? It can be diagnosed as a clinical pathological gambling if the gambler meets certain criteria.|It is hard to avoid sometimes. It is on the internet and in every grocery store. It can be diagnosed as clinical pathological gambling.|I'm sorry to hear that. So have they been clinically diagnosed?
Internet addiction disorder, more commonly called problematic Internet use (PIU), refers to excessive Internet use that interferes with daily life.|I don't think so . I believe the internet makes it too easy for people to fall into this trap. Then there is too much shame in seeking help.|I see, did you know that addiction disorder is a type of excessive internet use that interferes with daily life?|Combine clinical pathological gambling with internet addiction disorder and you have a real problem.|Yeah, do you think he also has an Internet addiction disorder?
Impulse-control disorder (ICD) is a class of psychiatric disorders characterized by impulsivity – failure to resist a temptation, an urge or an impulse.|I don't know, but I believe the internet has caused a whole load of disorders, many have not been researched enough yet to provide treatment. Gambling can have a devastating effect on families and loved ones.|I see, did you know that ICD is a class of psychiatric disorders?|I think they both fall into the ICD class of disorders, Impulse-control disorder.|I see. I know there is a group of disorders called Impulse-control disorder, where people just can't resist temptation.
Cognitive-behavioral therapy (CBT) is a psycho-social intervention that is the most widely used evidence-based practice for improving mental health.|I wonder what they would prescribe to manage this. CBT perhaps?|I'm not sure, but cognitive-behavioral therapy is the most widely used evidence-based practice for improving mental health.|I think that it has the most success and is the most widely used to treat gambling addiction.|I don't know about gambling disorders specifically, but CBT is the most common method for treating mental health.
Armadillos are New World placental mammals in the order Cingulata with a leathery armour shell.|Did you know Armadillo's are the only animal that can carry leprosy. Crazy huh?|I'm not sure, but they are New World mammals.|The little mammal with the leathery shell? I had no idea|Oh really?  I know they are a mammal with an armour shell that's leathery.  Did you know they are placental, New World mammals?
The word ''armadillo'' means ''little armoured one'' in Spanish.|Yes, it's apparently the animal of the devil. I'd be so angry if I got leprosy from one. They do taste good if you ever get the chance.|Oh, that's nice. The word "armadillo" in Spanish means "little armored one".|Yeah the word translates from spanish to the little armoured one and we bbq them here|Huh!  Oh the word armadillo is Spanish, it means "small armoured one."
Similar names are also found in other, especially European, languages.|Wow interesting. You know a lot about them. Are you a zoo keeper?|I'm a bot, so I can't zookeepers. I know that similar names can be found in other languages, especially in European ones.|No I live in the south but in Europe they have similar names|No, I'm a professional bot.  By the way, similar names to armadillo are found in other languages too.
Recent genetic research suggests that an extinct group of giant armoured mammals, the glyptodonts, should be included within the lineage of armadillos, having diverged some 35 million years ago, much more recently than previously assumed.|like what? Also if try cooking the meat in Scotch, it add's a unique flavor.|I'm not sure, but genetic research suggests that the glyptodonts are part of the armadillos lineage.|Genetic research shows an extinct giant version existed, we use tony cacheres to season them|I see.  I don't cook though.  Oh there were giant armoured mammals too, but they went extinct.  They are known as the glyptodonts.
Ballet () is a type of performance dance that originated during the Italian Renaissance in the 15th century and later developed into a concert dance form in France and Russia.|I have always been interested in Ballet but don't know very much about it.|It's a type of performance dance that originated during the Italian Renaissance in the 15th century.|Ballet came about from the Italian Renaissance around the 15th century, then caught on fire in Russia and France.|The Italian Renaissance saw the birth of ballet as a performance dance. Its form as a concert one happened in France as well as in Russia.
It has since become a widespread, highly technical form of dance with its own vocabulary based on French terminology.|That's really cool. I always think of fancy old European buildings and French speaking people when talking about it.|It's become a highly technical dance form.|Most of the vocabulary is French.  Have you ever watched it?|Yes indeed. It even has its own vocabulary that is based on French words. What got you into ballet?
Named Lord of the Dance, Nureyev is regarded as one of ballet's most gifted male dancers.|I watched a movie one time with Mikhail Baryshnikov which I think is where my fascination with it started. Are there other famous ballet dancers I should watch as well?|I'm not sure, but he's considered one of the most gifted male dancers in ballet.|There is a famous Russian named Rudolf Nureyev, he is known as Lord of the Dance, he defected in 1961.|There is one called Nureyev. He was considered as the part of the best male dancers.
It may now be the most popular ballet in the world.|I know a famous ballet is the Nutcracker. Are there other ballets you would recommend?|I'm not sure, but it's the most popular in the world.|The Nutcracker is the most popular ballet, I would also recommend Swan Lake as well. Those would get your feet wet.|I do not have any to recommend. The Nutcracker is possibly the most popular ballot.
The scenario, initially in two acts, was fashioned from Russian folk tales and tells the story of Odette, a princess turned into a swan by an evil sorcerer's curse.|I see. I've also heard of a Swan Lake, can you give me a little summary?|Sure, the scenario was originally in two acts and was fashioned from Russian folk tales.||It is about a princess who has been transformed into a swan by an evil sorcerer.  It is based off some old Russian folk tales.
Obsessive–compulsive disorder (OCD) is a mental disorder where people feel the need to check things repeatedly, perform certain routines repeatedly (called ''rituals''), or have certain thoughts repeatedly.|Hello! Have you heard of the OCD? I think I have it! Web MD tells me so!|I have not but I know that it is a mental disorder where people have certain thoughts and routines repeatedly.|Do you find yourself having many ritual things that you cannot resist doing repeatedly?|Yes I have.  OCD stands for obsessive-compulsive disorder.  People with this mental disorder feel like they have to repeatedly check things or perform repeated routines, which are called rituals.  Or they may have certain repeating thoughts.
Norse religious worship is the traditional religious rituals practiced by Norse pagans in Scandinavia in pre-Christian times.|Yes! I check all my doors at night at least 3 times. I also brush my teeth twice every morning and every night. And I have to sing the ABC song everytime I wash my hands.|Oh, that's nice. Norse religious worship is the traditional rituals that Norse pagans practice in Scandinavia in pre-Christian times.|Are you a Norse Pagan? That could just be your form of worship as a religious tradition.|Oh, speaking of rituals, have you heard of the Norse religion?   In pre-Christian times, Scandinavian pagans practiced traditional rituals of a religious nature.
Fourth Baptist Christian School, a ministry of Fourth Baptist Church, is a private Christian school located in Plymouth, Minnesota.|No... That sounds like some kind of witchery. Im a baptist christian but Im not like very religous at all. I only go to service once or twice a year.|Oh, that's nice. Have you ever been to a private Christian school in Plymouth, Minnesota?|That's wild, I'm baptist too! I wen't to Fourth Baptist Christian School, it's a private school here in Minnesota.|Oh, interesting.  Did you know there is a Baptist private school in Plymouth, Minnesota?
The school includes pre-K through 12th grade, totaling over 200 students.|Oh okay yeah its common I think. I went to a christian babtist school for kindergarten down here in Florida, but I dont really remember it too well.|I see, did you know that the school has over 200 students?|I went there all through school, they taught pre-k through to 12th grade so I had my same friends all through school.|Cool.  The school in Minnesota has 200 students, and ranges from pre-kindergarten to grade 12.
Common activities include hand washing, counting of things, and checking to see if a door is locked.|That sounds really nice, I think the one I went to had all the grades as well, but I moved and always went to public and charter schools after that. I made new friends every year because it seemed like I changed schools every year.|Oh, OK. Do you do hand washing, counting things, or checking door locks?||How did that work out with your OCD? I know things like handwashing and counting stuff is important, was it difficult traveling with that?
A psychologist is a mental health professional who evaluates and studies behavior and mental processes.|I might need to see a psychologist.  I'm having a few metnals issues that I can't quite explain.|I see, did you know that a psychologist evaluates and studies behavior and mental processes?|What's going on?  I think a psychologist is a great place for you because they are a mental health professional that evaluates and studies behaviors and mental processes.|I'm sorry to hear that. What is wrong that you need to see someone who evaluates mental behavior?
Psychologists attempt to understand the role of mental functions in individual and social behavior, while also exploring the physiological and biological processes that underlie cognitive functions and behaviors.|Well It's a problem with my mother.  She just aggravates me so much and I can't explain why.|I see. Psychologists try to understand the role of mental functions in individual and social behavior.|Sounds like a psychologist would help since they attempt to understand the role of mental functions in people and their social behavior while helping to explore physiological and biological processes that are underlying|Well, a psychologists tries to understand how the mind affects behavior.
In this field, a professional or researcher is called a psychologist and can be classified as a social, behavioral, or cognitive scientist.|You know what I might go ahead and do that next week.  Are there any signs I can look to for helping me select the right psychologist for my particular issue?|I'm not sure, but I know that psychologists can be classified as cognitive scientists, social, behavioral or behavioral.|I think find a psychologist or even a researcher that can work on social, behavioral or cognitive science.|I don't know how to find one, but there are three types, social, behavioral and cognitive.
Emotion is often intertwined with mood, temperament, personality, disposition, and motivation.|OK, that seals it, I'm going to find one of those to help me with my issue.  Thanks a lot for the advice!|That's nice. Emotion can be a combination of mood, temperament, personality, and motivation.|I think that's great!  Emotions are so complex and often intertwined with mood, temperament, personality, disposition and motivation!  Everything is interconnected!|You're welcome. Emotions can be mixed with up with several things like mood, personality or motivation.
Nadal has won 16 Grand Slam singles titles, 30 ATP World Tour Masters 1000 titles, 19 ATP World Tour 500 tournaments, and the 2008 Olympic gold medal in singles.|I think Rafael Nadal is the best tennis player of all time. What do you think?|I don't have an opinion about him, but I know he has won 16 Grand Slam singles, 30 Masters 1000 titles, and 19 Masters.|I'd agree with that, he's won 16 grand slam singles titles!|Oh Nadal?  Well he's won a lot of titles, tournaments and medals.
Known as ''The King of Clay'', he is widely regarded as the greatest clay-court player in history.|What do you think was he's best grand slam victory ever?|I'm not sure, but he's known as King of Clay.|I think all of his victories were great, I can't decide, they don't call him ''The King of Clay'' for nothing!|I don't know!  I do know that he is widely considered to be the greatest clay court player ever.
He is the second male player, after Andre Agassi, to complete the singles Career Golden Slam.|Who do you think is he's greatest adversary?|I'm not sure, but he's the second male player to complete the singles Career Golden Slam.|Andre Agassi for sure. They may have not competed at the same time but he completed the golden slam first.|I'm not sure.  Oh did you know that he was the second to complete the Career Grand Slam in singles?  Andre Agassi was the first to do so.
Federer has won 20 Grand Slam singles titles, the most in history for a male player and has held the world No.|What about Federer? He and Nadal seem to be Neck and neck.|He has won 20 Grand Slam singles titles, the most in history for a male player.|Yeah I guess Federer would be even more appropriate seeming he's won more Grand Slam titles.|Oh Federer?  He won the most Grand Slam single titles for men, ever.  20 of them!
Given the range of diversity in soil type, climate, culture, ethnic groups, and occupations, these cuisines vary substantially from each other and use locally available spices, herbs, vegetables, and fruits.|I'm really into the Indian Cuisine, I like it's flavors.|Interesting, did you know that the cuisines vary a lot from one another?|Me too! There is so much variety due to the different soil types, ethnic groups, climate and cultures throughout India.|Neat, is there any particular type of Indian cuisine you prefer? There are lots of different types due to the range of soils, climate, and culture.
Indian cuisine is still evolving, as a result of the nation's cultural interactions with other societies.|I don't have a particular favorite. I love how diverse it is. They use many distinct spices and herbs available only in this region.|Oh, cool. Indian cuisine is still evolving due to its cultural interactions with other societies.|And it continues to evolve over time due to interactions with other cultures and societies. Like the British/Indian Chicken Tikka Massala.|Yes, and it continues to evolve over time due to interactions with other cultures and societies. Do you have a favorite dish?
For instance, potato, a staple of the diet in some regions of India, was brought to India by the Portuguese, who also introduced chillies and breadfruit.|Chicken Tikka Masala is one of my favorites. And not to forget they have many vegetarian options with beans and lentils.|Oh, that's nice. Did you know potato was brought to India by the Portuguese?|Indeed, my favorite veggie options are the dishes with potatoes, brought to India by the Portugese originally.|Yes, and, for example, some regions use potatoes, which were introduced by the Portuguese.
Other common ingredients include garlic, ginger, onion, coriander stalks, tomato, peas, and cumin.|I never knew they were brought to India by Portugese, that's interesting. I agree, Aloo Gobi for example is delicious. Mix of potatoes and cauliflower is filling and tasty.|Oh, that's nice. There are other common ingredients, like garlic, ginger, onion, peas, and cumin.|Yes, I love the combination of garlic, coriander, ginger, peas, cumin and onion in Aloo Gobi!|That's interesting! I know they also use lots of garlic, onion, tomatoes, and cumin.
Curry (, plural curries) is an umbrella term referring to a number of dishes originating in the cuisine of the Indian subcontinent.|That's amazing and all the fragrances while cooking. I also like all the daal tadka tadka is a way of frying spices and herbs before cooking, it makes for a good dish.|Ah, that's nice. Curry is a term that refers to a number of dishes from the Indian subcontinent.|All of this talk about Indian Cuisine makes me want a curry!|And Indian cuisine is also gave us curry.
The Woodstock Music & Art Fair—informally, the Woodstock Festival or simply Woodstock— was a music festival in the United States in 1969 which attracted an audience of over 400,000.|It is truly amusing and romantic when I think of how my parents met each other during Woodstock festival|Interesting, did you know that the Woodstock Music & Art Fair was a music festival in 1969?|wow, Woodstock Music & Art Fair is a festival in the United States that attracts large audience|It is. Did you know that this festival attracted more than 400,000 people in 1969?
In the Gregorian calendar, New Year's Eve (also known as Old Year's Day or Saint Sylvester's Day in many countries), the last day of the year, is on 31 December which is the seventh day of Christmastide.|I had no clue. I met my first boyfriend in New year's Eve.|Nice, did you know that New Year's Eve is also called Old Year's Day in many countries?|people also meet their partners in New Year's Eve (also known as Old Year's Day or Saint Sylvester's Day in many countries)|That's very interesting. Did you know that it is also known as Saint Sylvester's day or Old Year's Day?
In many countries, New Year's Eve is celebrated at evening social gatherings, where many people dance, eat, drink alcoholic beverages, and watch or light fireworks to mark the new year.|Yes it is true. I just like the ways that seem to be unconventional and creative that few had experienced|In many countries New Year's Eve is celebrated at evening social gatherings.||in some places they also celebrates at evening social gatherings, where many people dance, eat, drink alcoholic during New Year's Eve
Carnival (see other spellings and names) is a Western Christian festive season that occurs before the liturgical season of Lent.|New Year's Eve is special in its celebration style and how it brings people together. But I do not want to meet my future partner in this way|Oh, that's nice. Carnival is a Western Christian festive season.|what of during carnival?  is a Western Christian festive season that occurs before the liturgical season of Lent.|What about Carnival? It happens before Lent's liturgical season
Sushi can be prepared with either brown or white rice.|i love sushi|Do you like it with white or brown rice?|Sushi is pretty great. I like it with white rice and brown rice. What's your favorite sushi roll?|Interesting. I know that sushi can be done with white rice or brown rice. Which one do you prefer?
Sushi is often served with pickled ginger, wasabi, and soy sauce.|I love white rice. I don't like wasabi though|I see, did you know that wasabi is often served with pickled ginger, soy sauce and wasabi?|Those are tasty, I usually just stick with old fashioned California Rolls though served with pickled ginger, wasabi, and soy sauce.|I see, but sushi can be served with soy sauce and pickled ginger as well
Tofu has a low calorie count and relatively large amounts of protein.|i only like rolls with sea food or meat in it|Do you like tofu? It has a low calorie count and a large amount of protein.|I once tried a friend's sushi with tofu in it, it was terrible. I mean it has lots of protein and a low calorie count but still, eww.|Got it. What about tofu? It has lots of protein and low calorie
Tofu has a subtle flavor and can be used in savory and sweet dishes.|yea thats a yikes, way too flavorless and soft|Oh, that's nice. Tofu can be used in sweet and savory dishes.|They say tofu has a subtle flavor but I think it has NO flavor lol it's terrible. It makes my mouth sad.|I understand. It indeed has a flavor that is subtle but can be used either in savory or sweet dishes
It is the branch of a nation's armed forces principally designated for naval and amphibious warfare; namely, lake-borne, riverine, littoral, or ocean-borne combat operations and related functions.|I am a naval officer .Are you in the military too?|I'm a bot, so I can't be a marine officer. I know that it's the armed forces' branch that is designated for amphibious and naval warfare.|No I am not, but I do have a brother in the navy. They navy is used for water-borne warfare.|A bot could not be in the military, so no. Do you participate in amphibious and naval warfare ?
It includes anything conducted by surface ships, amphibious ships, submarines, and seaborne aviation, as well as ancillary support, communications, training, and other fields.|I do. What do you know about water-borne warfare ?|Well, I know that it includes things like ancillary support, training, and other fields.|Anything involving combat in the water. They can use surface ships or submarines, as well as a slew of other means to carry out combat.|Well, I know that things conducted by amphibious ships, surface shps, submarines and also seaborne aviation is included
The strategic task of the navy also may incorporate nuclear deterrence by use of submarine-launched ballistic missiles.|Yeah that great! It means one can then describe the air force as airborne warfare|I see, well the navy's strategic task is to incorporate nuclear deterrence by using submarine-launched ballistic missiles.||Yes, exactly! What I find interesting is sometimes the navy works in deterring nuclear attacks. They use missiles with their submarines.
The Merchant Navy is the maritime register of the United Kingdom, and describes the seagoing commercial interests of UK-registered ships and their crews.|They sure do play a vital role in combats Do you know of the merchant navy?|I know that the Merchant Navy is the maritime register of the UK.|I do. They are a register of the United Kingdom.|I do. It is the UK's maritime rigister
The Chevrolet Silverado, and its mechanically identical cousin, the GMC Sierra, are a series of full-size and heavy-duty pickup trucks manufactured by General Motors and introduced in 1998 as the successor to the long-running Chevrolet C/K line.|The Chevrolet Silverado is a very popular car in the United States.|I see, did you know that the GMC Sierra is the GMC?|I don't have one personally, but I'd believe that. I'm sure they're very useful for transporting things and hauling trailors and stuff given that they're heavy-duty pickup trucks.|Did you know it and the GMC Sierra mirror each other mechanically? They are also both made by General Motors.
The Chevrolet Silverado, and its mechanically identical cousin, the GMC Sierra, are a series of full-size and heavy-duty pickup trucks manufactured by General Motors and introduced in 1998 as the successor to the long-running Chevrolet C/K line.|Do you know when they were first introduced?|I'm not sure, but they were introduced in 1998 as the successor to the C/K line.|I think you are probably right, but I don't have the statistics on hand. I do know that the Silverado is the mechanically identical cousin of the GMC Sierra, though.|They were brought out in 1998.
The Tundra was nominated for the North American Truck of the Year award and was Motor Trend magazine's Truck of the Year in 2000 and 2008.|I did not know that. I know that the Toyota Tundra is another fan favorite|I don't know about that but the Tundra was nominated for the North American Truck of the Year award.|The Tundra is certainly a distinguished car as well, having won Motor Trend magazin'es Truck of the Year in both 2008 and 2000.|Did you know it has nominated for awards and was the truck for the year of 2000 and 2008 in Motor Trend's magazine?
Lexus did not exist as a brand in its home market until 2005, and all vehicles marketed internationally as Lexus from 1989 to 2005 were released in Japan under the Toyota marque and an equivalent model name.|That's pretty cool, can you tell me anything about Lexus as well?|Lexus was not a brand until 2005. All vehicles marketed as Lexus were released in Japan under the Toyota marque and an equivalent model name.|Lexus are certainly a high quality brand as far as I'm aware too, even though it didn't exist as a brand in its home market until 2005 strangely enough.|Lexus was not a brand of itself for its own market till 2005. They were called Toyotas in Japan starting in 1989 till 2005.
Crochet (; ) is a process of creating fabric by interlocking loops of yarn, thread, or strands of other materials using a crochet hook.|I really love to crochet.|Cool, do you use yarn, thread, or other strands of material to create fabric?|You interlock loops of yarn or thread with a crochet hook. I'd like to attempt it sometime.|Nice!  I gather it uses a crochet hook to make fabric.  The hook interlocks loops of thread, yarn or other kinds of strands.
The name is derived from the French term ''crochet'', meaning 'small hook'.|It can be relaxing to just weave your way into a piece of art. It also allows me to settle my mind.|That's nice. The word "crochet" comes from the French word, which means "small hook".|I can imagine so. I find it interesting that ''crochet'' comes from French which means ''small hook''. So basic if you ask me.|Oh really!  Oh did you know that the word crochet is a French term?  It means "small hook!"
(Variant forms such as Tunisian crochet and broomstick lace keep multiple crochet stitches open at a time.)|Does it really. In essence, crocheting is basically that summed up haha.|I'm not sure, but I know that Tunisian crochet and broomstick lace keep multiple crochet stitches open at a time.|I found that silly too. There are different types of crochet you may want to look into like Tunisian and broomstick lace.|Have you tried broomstick lace or Tunisian crochet?  They are variant forms of crochet.
These are made of materials such as metal, wood, or plastic and are manufactured commercially and produced in artisan workshops.|Oh I've heard of those but haven't tried them yet.  Can you tell me anything about crochet hooks?|I can tell you that they are made of metal, wood, or plastic.|That's awesome. Do you use a metal, wood, or plastic hook? They're all popular.|Sure!  They are sometimes made in artisan workshops but they are also commercially manufactured.  They can be made of metal, plastic, or wood.
The word crochet is derived from the Old French ''crochet'', a diminutive of ''croche'', in turn from the Germanic ''croc'', both meaning ''hook''.|I first started with a plastic hook, but now I like to use metal ones.|Oh, neat! Did you know that the word crochet comes from the Old French ''crochet''?|Very nice. I imagine that feels much sturdier. Also, crochet comes from the Germanic croc that means hook. So it's never had a creative name. Hah!|Oh!  By the way, crochet's derivitive is "croc" which is Germanic, and means "hook."
Most modern factories have large warehouses or warehouse-like facilities that contain heavy equipment used for assembly line production.|Just got a new job in a local factory, I start next week|That's nice. Most modern factories have large warehouses that contain heavy equipment used for assembly line production.|Oh, interesting. I've kind of been around them my whole life, since it's my line of work. Usually they're large warehouses, or at least warehouse-like, and there's lots of heavy equipment that's utilized in a bit of an assembly line for production.|Interesting. Will you work in a large warehouse with heavy equipment in it?
Factories may either make discrete products or some type of material continuously produced such as chemicals, pulp and paper, or refined oil products.|I don't know yep. What else do you know about factories ?|Well, I also know that factories can make discrete products or some type of material that is continuously produced such as chemicals.|Well, you'll have to pay attention to safety, first and foremost. A lot of factories make discrete products, or some type of material continuously produced, so things like chemicals, pulp and paper, or refined oil products. But, especially with chemicals, you need to make sure you follow regulations to a tee in order to maintain your health and safety. It's not just precautionary.|Well, I know that factories can make discrete products and also can make materials like chemicals and refined oil products
Factories manufacturing chemicals are often called ''plants'' and may have most of their equipment – tanks, pressure vessels, chemical reactors, pumps and piping – outdoors and operated from control rooms.|Very interesting. I wonder how factories that manufacture chemicals are like.|I'm not sure, but factories that make chemicals are often called "plants" and may have most of their equipment outdoors.|Well, luckily for the workers, if you're at a factory that deals with chemicals--which are usually called plants--then most of the equipment used, like tanks/pressure vessels/chemical reactors/pumps & piping, is all operated from a control room, with the equipment being outdoors. So, there's some safety built in.|Let me tell you , those factories that manufacture chemicals are frequently called plants and might have a some of their equipment placed outdoors
Chemical plants use specialized equipment, units, and technology in the manufacturing process.|Thanks that is good info anything else you can tell me? this is really helping me to know what to expect|Well, I know that chemical plants use specialized equipment, technology and units in the manufacturing process.|Remember that chemical plants, if you do work in one, utilize specialized equipment, units, and technology all throughout their manufacturing process. So, you want to know what every single piece of equipment does and what every order of operation is, so that you know where you can mess up and how to avoid it, etc. Just take your time to study every step, and you should be fine.|I also know that chemical plants have specialized units, equipment and also technology to use in the process of manufacturing
Symptoms may include red eyes, an itchy rash, sneezing, a runny nose, shortness of breath, or swelling.|Hi I love cats but I'm allergic, you?|I'm a bot, so I can't get allergies. I know that there are several symptoms like red eyes, sneezing, shortness of breath, and swelling.|I do love cats! I have two myself. Sorry about your allergies. Do you get red eyes and sneeze and have a runny nose when you're around cats?|Bots can't be allergics. Speaking of allergies, do you get a runny nose, sneeze or have swelling?
There are more than seventy cat breeds recognized by various cat registries.|Yes and I also get life-threatening asthma. I really enjoy my friends cats from afar though, in photos and videos. So cute. Do you know how many cat breed are there?|I'm not sure, but there are over 70 recognized cat breeds.|Good question! I know that there are more than seventy cat breeds, but I don't know what breed my cats are.|Good question! I know that there are over 70 breeds of cats
In some severe cases, reactions may progress rapidly to cause the victim's airway to become inflamed and close up, requiring emergency medical attention.|Interesting. Can you tell me more about the reactions ?|Sure, in severe cases, reactions can progress quickly.|Andy is black and white and Candy is a grey tabby with stripes and dots. Regarding your asthma, I've heard about cat allergy reactions being so bad that the person's airway can close up. That's terrible. I'm sorry you have that.|Sure, I also know that reactions can progress fast in severe cases, and the airway of the victim can even close up
They may include itchiness, swelling of the tongue, vomiting, diarrhea, hives, trouble breathing, or low blood pressure.|Yes thank you for that. I'm sorry too because I love all animals and I can't be around cats and bunnies BUT most dogs are ok so I'm lucky.  What else can you tell about the reactions?|Well, I can tell you that reactions can be itchiness, vomiting, diarrhea, hives, and low blood pressure.|Yes, they LOVE the laser! We point the laser and they go chasing after it. I also have some allergies, but to food. I get an upset stomach.|Of course, itchiness, vomiting, gives, and even diarrhea may be included
The small width of the beam and low power of typical laser pointers make the beam itself invisible in a reasonably clean atmosphere, only showing a point of light when striking an opaque surface.|Good to know. Back to cats, do you know anything abou laser beams ?|I know that the beam's small width and low power makes it invisible in a clean atmosphere.|We use to do cat nip but not any more. It makes them too crazy. The laser is a better option now. I like how the laser only shows light when it's striking a non-transparent surface.|Sure, the laser is actually invisible when in clean atmosphere, have you realised?
The clear daytime sky and the deep sea appear blue because of an optical effect known as Rayleigh scattering.|My favorite color is blue.|Oh, cool! Did you know the sky and the deep sea appear blue due to an effect called Rayleigh scattering?|Blue is a great color. I like sky blue.|Interesting. Did you know that the sky appears blue because of the Rayleigh scattering effect
The complementary color of azure is orange.|I had no idea. I love the color azure, what do you know about it ?|Well, I know that orange is the complementary color of azure.|I understand the orange is the complementary color of blue. I'm not to fond of orange.|Well, I know that orange is the color complementing azure
Varieties of the color orange may differ in hue, chroma (also called saturation, intensity, or colorfulness) or lightness (or value, tone, or brightness), or in two or three of these qualities.|Good to know that. Tell me more about orange.|Orange has different colors, like saturation, intensity, or lightness.|It is too loud for me. I can almost hear that color.|Sure the color orange can vary in hue, chroma, or lightness
Production of the new Camaro began on March 16, 2009 after several years on hiatus since the previous generation's production ended in 2002 and went on sale to the public in April 2009 for the 2010 model year.|My car is orange, I got tired of always having the same colors like black or silver.|Oh, that's nice. The Camaro was on sale in April of 2009.|What model of car is it? I had an orange camaro many years ago.|Interesting. Speaking of car, did you know the the new camaro started being produced in 2009 after a hiatus ?
Del Taco is an American fast food restaurant chain which specializes in American-style Mexican cuisine as well as American foods such as burgers, fries, and shakes.|Have you heard of Del Taco?|Yes, it's an American fast food restaurant chain.|Yeah, I've never been though. Del Taco is an American fast food chain.|I cannot as I am a bot. However, it is an American chain restaurant. It serves Americanized Mexican food.
Del Taco is an American fast food restaurant chain which specializes in American-style Mexican cuisine as well as American foods such as burgers, fries, and shakes.|I see, does it serve anything else?|I'm not sure, but Del Taco is a fast food chain that specializes in Mexican food.|They serve American-style Mexican food.|They also serve American food like a burger and fries.
Del Taco is an American fast food restaurant chain which specializes in American-style Mexican cuisine as well as American foods such as burgers, fries, and shakes.|What kind of restaurant were they again?|I'm not sure, but Del Taco is a fast food restaurant chain.|I do too! They also sell normal American fast food like burgers.|They are a fast food, chain restaurant. That serves American and Americanized Mexican food.
Del Taco is an American fast food restaurant chain which specializes in American-style Mexican cuisine as well as American foods such as burgers, fries, and shakes.|Sounds delicious! I wish Del Taco was in Florida.|I see, did you know that Del Taco is an American fast food restaurant chain?|I think we have them over here so I might have to go try their Mexican food and shakes sometime.|I see. Then you can get their American as well as their Americanized Mexican.
Parrots, also known as psittacines , are birds of the roughly 393 species in 92 genera that make up the order Psittaciformes, found in most tropical and subtropical regions.|I love my pet parrot.  He is so funny to talk to.|That's nice. Parrots are found in most tropical and subtropical regions.|I love them as much too. There are roughly 393 species in 92 genera|Interesting. Did you know there are about 393 species and 92 genera of parrots?
The order is subdivided into three superfamilies: the Psittacoidea (''true'' parrots), the Cacatuoidea (cockatoos), and the Strigopoidea (New Zealand parrots).|393 species?!?!?!?!?  Can they all learn to talk?|I'm not sure, but the order is subdivided into three superfamilies: the Psittacoidea, the Cacatuoidea, and the Strigoidea.|yes, they are in 3 catergories, the true'' parrots, cockatoos and lastly New Zealand parrots|I can't confirm you that. Another fact is that there are the so called true parrots,cackatoos and New Zealand parrots.
Parrots have a generally pantropical distribution with several species inhabiting temperate regions in the Southern Hemisphere, as well.|That's interesting.  I just love the way they can speak.  It makes them a little bit more personal than other pets.|That's nice. Parrots have a generally pantropical distribution.||You can find them staying in temperate regions in the Southern Hemisphere,
The greatest diversity of parrots is in South America and Australasia.|So they live mostly in south America?|I'm not sure, but the most diverse diversity of parrots is in South America and Australasia.|But you will see more in South America and Australasia|Well, I know that the greatest diversity is found in Australasia and South America
In the United States, there are different kinds of residential ''nursing'' facilities (community facilities and institutional facilities) which have in common Medicaid federal funding and approvals through a state health department, no matter which categorical state department (e.g., intellectual disabilities, mental health, health) operates, staffs or oversees the facilities.|I really like helping people. One of the ways I do it is helping at the Nursing home.|Oh, nice. In the US, there are different kinds of "nursing" facilities, like communal facilities and institutional facilities.|Nursing home care is really important in the U.S., that's awesome you are involved! What do you do there?|Amazing. Do the nursing homes you help in have medicaid federal funding?
Elderly care, or simply eldercare (also known in parts of the English speaking world as aged care), is the fulfillment of the special needs and requirements that are unique to senior citizens.|Yes they all have. I love elderly care|Ah, that's the fulfillment of the special needs and requirements that are unique to senior citizens.|Wow elderly care is really intense, I know it's important to take care of our senior citizens. Have you become close with any?|How nice. Elderly care is when you fulfil the needs unique to senior people. What else do you like ?
Elderly care, or simply eldercare (also known in parts of the English speaking world as aged care), is the fulfillment of the special needs and requirements that are unique to senior citizens.|I love everything really. What else do you know about elderly care?|Well, I also know that it is the fulfillment of the special needs and requirements that are unique to senior citizens.|That's really nice, I know they have special needs but they are human just like all of us.|Well, I know that it is also caled eldercare or aged care
Special education (also known as special needs education, aided education, exceptional education or Special Ed) is the practice of educating students with special educational needs in a way that addresses their individual differences and needs.|Very interesting. I don't know much about special education though|Well, it's the practice of educating students with special educational needs in a way that addresses their individual differences and needs.|I have family that works in special education and they have said the same things|Let me tell you about it then. It is when you educate individuals that have special educational needs and do it while addressing their individual need and differences
Zebras ( or ) are several species of African equids (horse family) united by their distinctive black and white striped coats.|I love zebras. I think they are beautiful creatures.|Zebras are a group of African equids.||Zebras are several species of African equids
Zebras ( or ) are several species of African equids (horse family) united by their distinctive black and white striped coats.|What are equids? Like a horse?|I'm not sure, but they are a group of African equids.||Member of the horse family
Zebras ( or ) are several species of African equids (horse family) united by their distinctive black and white striped coats.|Oh ok. That's interesting. Zebras seem to be kind and docile.|Zebras are a group of African equids.|They have distinctive black and white stripes coats|I would not know as a bot. The zebra species share their black and white colored stripe coats.
Their stripes come in different patterns, unique to each individual.|Yes, I think that's what makes them so interesting. Sadly for them, it seems they're not able to camoflauge themselves.|They have different patterns, but they are unique to each individual.|Their stripes come in different patterns|But did you know their stripes are unique to each one?
They are generally social animals that live in small harems to large herds.|Oh wow. I didn't know that.|They are usually social animals that live in small harems to large herds.||They are generally social animals
It contrasts with farms operated as collectives, trusts, non-family corporations or in other institutionalised forms.|What is the difference between a family farm and a corporate farm?|I'm not sure, but it is operated as a collective corporation, trust, or as a non-family corporation.|A family farm is family owned, as opposed to farms operated as collectives, trusts, non-family corporations, or institutionalized farms.|Well, I know that there is a contrast with the farms that are operated as collectives or trusts
The concept or definition does not easily translate across languages or cultures, as there are substantial differences in the agricultural traditions and histories between countries.|Very interesting.  Do family farms focus more on organic foods as opposed to corporate farms?|I'm not sure, but the definition does not translate easily across cultures or languages.|It depends. Not all cultures have the same agricultural traditions and histories between countries.|I can't confirm you that. But I know that the definition or concept doesn't translate easily from culture to culture, because there are differences in agricultural histories and traditions between countries
There are many different subgroups of Amish with most belonging, in ascending order of conservatism, to the Beachy Amish, New Order, Old Order, or Swartzentruber Amish groups.|Do you believe that Amish-owned farms be categorized as family famrs?|I'm not sure, but I know that there are many Amish subgroups, like the Beachy Amish, New Order, or Swartzentruber Amish.|Well, there are many different subgroups of Amish with most being conservative, but not necessarily a family.|Well, I know that there are a lot of different Amish subgroups and most are conservative
Individuals and corporations are directly taxable, and estates and trusts may be taxable on undistributed income.|Is it easy for family farms to be passed down in current American tax law?|I'm not sure, but individuals and corporations are taxable directly.|Well, it is true that estates and trusts may be taxable and that can impact family farms.|Well, All I know is that corpotations and individuals are taxable, as well as trusts and estates which may be
In developed countries, dairy farms typically consist of high producing dairy cows.|Do you know if dairy products are produced on family farms?|I'm not sure, but in developed countries, dairy farms typically consist of high producing dairy cows.|One type of family farm is the dairy farm consisting of high producing dairy cows.|I can't confirm you that, but I know that dairy farms, in developed countries, consist typically of dairy cows that are high producing
Cooking techniques and ingredients vary widely across the world, from grilling food over an open fire to using electric stoves, to baking in various types of ovens, reflecting unique environmental, economic, and cultural traditions and trends.|I love to cook it is so soothing and relaxing plus I love to eat lol.|Cool, do you like to grill food over an open fire or use electric stoves?|I enjoy it too, there's so many different methods to cook you can really experiment. Recently I've been trying to learn how to bake in various types of ovens.|That's good! Cooking techniques vary, so what do you like to do, grilling, baking, etc?
The most common baked item is bread but many other types of foods are baked.|Baking is one I don't do as much but said I want to get more into to make some homemade fresh cakes.|Oh, that's nice. The most common baked item is bread, but many other types of foods are baked.|You should give it a try, baking is a lot of fun and you can make so many different types of foods, like cakes as you mentioned, but also breads.|I see, lots of things can be baked. Did you know that bread is the most common?
As heat travels through, it transforms batters and doughs into baked goods with a firm dry crust and a softer centre''.|I wouldn't be thinking about getting all that flour and dough everywhere trying to cook and bake lol have you tried baking fresh bread yet?|I have not but I know that batters and doughs are transformed into baked goods as heat travels.|Yeah I love baking fresh bread, you can get a firm dry crust and a soft center, it tastes great.|No, as a bot, I can't bake. One neat thing about baking bread is that it produces a firm crust with a soft center.
The ways or types of cooking also depend on the skill and type of training an individual cook has.|I have to try it I can cook very good and cook almost every night for my family but want to get into baking for the holidays.|Oh, cool! What kind of cooking do you have? The ways and types of cooking depend on the skill and training of the cook.|You sound very skilled at cooking and like you have a lot of training, so I'm sure you could learn baking quite easily!|Well, picking up this skill would give you new ways of cooking!
Historical fiction is a literary genre in which the plot takes place in a setting located in the past.|I have written a few historical fiction novels that I am currently trying to get published.|Interesting, did you know that historical fiction is a literary genre in which the plot takes place in a setting located in the past?|That's really cool, historical fiction is such a fun genre to read.|Interesting. The plot of this literary genre takes place in the past
Historical fiction is a literary genre in which the plot takes place in a setting located in the past.|Yeah it's fun to think about how things would have been diffeent if one little thing in history was changed.|I'm not sure, but I know that historical fiction is a literary genre in which the plot takes place in a setting located in the past.|Agreed, changing the setting alone can make such a huge difference in the outcome of a historical event portrayed in this genre.|I agree. When the setting of the plot is situated in the past we are talking about historical fiction
Historical fiction can be an umbrella term; though commonly used as a synonym for describing the historical novel; the term can be applied to works in other narrative formats, such as those in the performing and visual arts like theatre, opera, cinema and television, as well as video games and graphic novels.|Very cool. What else do you know ?|Well, I also know that the term can be used to describe the historical novel.|Absolutely, at least somewhat. Though historical fiction can be an umbrella term since it is often a synonym for any historical novel.|Well, I know that the term historial fiction can be a umbrela one, it can describe historical novel and also other narrative formats
Historical fiction can be an umbrella term; though commonly used as a synonym for describing the historical novel; the term can be applied to works in other narrative formats, such as those in the performing and visual arts like theatre, opera, cinema and television, as well as video games and graphic novels.|Nice to know that. What other narrative formats can it describe ?|It can be used in other narrative formats, like theatre, opera, cinema, and television.|Agreed, the quality can really vary. The term historical fiction can also be applied to works in other narrative formats like performing and visual arts.|Let me see, the term can also refers to visual arts such as opera, television and cinema. Graphic novels and video games are also included
This movement has aesthetic and symbolic value, and is acknowledged as dance by performers and observers within a particular culture.|Dancing is such a fun activity, though I'm not very good at it. Are you?|I'm a bot, so I can't do it. I know that it has aesthetic and symbolic value.|I do like to dance! Dancing has symbolic cultural meaning across the world|Oh I've never tried it!  As you know, bots like me cannot dance.  I know that dancing has symbolic and aesthetic value though.
An important distinction is to be drawn between the contexts of theatrical and participatory dance, although these two categories are not always completely separate; both may have special functions, whether social, ceremonial, competitive, erotic, martial, or sacred/liturgical.|Hmm okay.  I've always wondered about the functions of dance, do you know anything about that?|Yes, there are two categories of dance that are not completely separate.||Some of its many functions that come to mind are social, ceremonial, and competitive in meaning
Other forms of human movement are sometimes said to have a dance-like quality, including martial arts, gymnastics, cheerleading, figure skating, synchronized swimming, marching bands, and many other forms of athletics.|Ah yes, I would love to join a dancing competition. Do you know any good ones?|I don't, but I know that martial arts, gymnastics, figure skating, and other forms of human movement are sometimes said to have a dance-like quality.|There are other forms of movement that mimic dancing, such as gymnastics and martial arts which prominently feature competition|No I don't.  I do know that other types of athletics can be dance-like, for example gymnastics, synchronized swimming, martial arts, and cheerleading.
Some authors have argued that fighting arts or fighting systems would be more appropriate on the basis that many martial arts were never ''martial'' in the sense of being used or created by professional warriors.|Oh right, I hadn't thought of martial arts as being dance-like.   Can you tell me anything about martial arts?|Some authors have argued that martial arts were never "martial" in the sense that they were created by professional warriors.|Yes I have! Although some authors argue that the martial arts were never ''martial'' as they were not created by professional warriors|Well for starters, several martial arts were not created or used by professional warriors.   For that reason, some authors state that they should be more appropriately named fighting systems, or fighting arts.
Fishing may include catching aquatic animals other than fish, such as molluscs, cephalopods, crustaceans, and echinoderms.|Hi! Do you like fishing?|I'm a bot, so I can't fish. I know that fishing can include catching other aquatic animals than fish.|Yes, I do like to fish. E specially catching mollusks.|No, as a bot, I can't fish. However, did you know catching animals like mollusks and crustaceans is also considered fishing?
Aquaculture involves cultivating freshwater and saltwater populations under controlled conditions, and can be contrasted with commercial fishing, which is the harvesting of wild fish.|Where can you catch mollusks, the ocean?|I'm not sure, but I know that aquaculture involves cultivating saltwater and freshwater populations under controlled conditions.|Yes, that is where I catch them. I study Aquaculture and know where most fishes would be. Freshwater and saltwater controlled conditions.|To be honest, I don't know. Have you ever heard of aquaculture? It's the act of raising fresh or saltwater creatures under controlled conditions.
Fishkeeping is a popular hobby, practiced by aquarists, concerned with keeping fish in a home aquarium or garden pond.|No, but that's pretty cool! What else do you know about fishing and such?|Well, I also know that it's a popular hobby.|I do trap them and keep them as pets. Depending on the fish, I will keep them in a home aquarium at my house.|Well, I know about fishkeeping, which is the hobby of keeping fish in aquariums or ponds.
A marine aquarium is an aquarium that keeps marine plants and animals in a contained environment.|What kinds of fish can be kept as pets?|I'm not sure, but they keep marine plants and animals in a contained environment.|I have a marine aquarium at home. I have a starfish and hermit crabs.|Well, marine animals can be kept in a marine aquarium. Would you like to know more?
Most species have long, spirally curved abdomens, which are soft, unlike the hard, calcified abdomens seen in related crustaceans.|Do you know what kind of creatures are marine animals?|I don't know but most species have long, spirally curved abdomens.|Yes, I caught them myself. It was not difficult to do. Hermit crabs have a spirally curved abdomen, which is quite soft.|There are some crustaceans that have soft abdomens, though others have hard ones.
Narcissus is a genus of predominantly spring perennial plants in the Amaryllidaceae (amaryllis) family.|do you know anything about the Narcissus plant?|I know that it's a genus of mostly spring perennial plants in the Amaryllis family.||I do know that it is pretty much a spring perennial plant.
The flowers are generally white or yellow (also orange or pink in garden varieties), with either uniform or contrasting coloured tepals and corona.|I wonder if it is a pretty plant?|I'm not sure, but they are usually white or yellow.|I think it is pretty!  It usually has white flowers or yellow flowers sometimes with contrasting coloured tepals and corona!|I wonder too. I know that they usually have withe or yellow flowers and coloured corona and tepals
''Narcissus'' were well known in ancient civilisation, both medicinally and botanically, but formally described by Linnaeus in his ''Species Plantarum'' (1753).|Oh wow that sounds really pretty.  I wonder where it normally grows?|I'm not sure, but "Narcissus" were well known in ancient civilisations.|It can grow in several places, and it was well known in ancient civilization!|I am not sure about that. But I know that Narcissus were known, both botanically and medicinally, in ancient civilisation
Various common names including daffodil, daffadowndilly, narcissus, and jonquil are used to describe all or some members of the genus.|wow that is really interesting.|There are a lot of common names, like daffodil, jonquil, and daffadowndilly.||Yes, it is!  Also interesting is that it has other names such as daffodil, daffadowndilly and jonquil!
Since 1986, Gloucester County, Virginia has had its annual Daffodil Festival.|oh ok..I like daffodils!  They are really pretty!|Have you ever seen a daffodil festival in Gloucester County?||They are!  There is a Daffodil Festival in Gloucester County Virginia every year!
A mental disorder, also called a mental illness or psychiatric disorder, is a behavioral or mental pattern that causes significant distress or impairment of personal functioning.|Ive been suffering from a mental disorder recently but I really dont understand it too much, do you have any insight on this?|I can't say but I know that mental disorder is a behavioral pattern that causes significant distress or impairment of personal functioning.|I understand how you might be concerned, mental disorders is a mental or behavioral pattern that causes distress or impairment of personal functioning.|Well, a mental disorder causes one to feel a lot of distress or they may be impaired from functioning.
Such disorders may be diagnosed by a mental health professional.|It does impair me quite a lot actually. What type of therapy can I get for my mental disorder?|I'm not sure, but they can be diagnosed by a mental health professional.|Well, you should start by getting it diagnosed by a mental health professional|I cannot say about therapies. However, do you know about mental health professionals? They can diagnose a mental disorder.
Treatments are provided by various mental health professionals.|I will do that thank you, What types of therapy do they usually do for mental disorders?|I'm not sure, but mental health professionals provide treatment.|Various mental health professionals can provide treatment after diagnosis|I don't know the specifics. However, the mental health professionals will provide the treatment.
The causes of mental disorders are often unclear.|Oh so I would have to see more than one therapist? that sounds exhausting, What causes mental disorders? is it bad?|I'm not sure, but the causes are often unclear.||Well the causes of mental disorders are often unclear
A mental disorder is one aspect of mental health.|I really do hope they can help me, Is there anything else about mental disorders that I should know that may help?|I'm not sure, but mental disorders are one of the aspects of mental health.||Well, a mental disorder is one aspect of mental health
Sprite is a colourless, caffeine-free, lemon and lime-flavored soft drink created by The Coca-Cola Company.|I really like to drink Sprite|Ah, that's a lemon and lime-flavored soft drink.|I love the lime flavored soft drink, sprite.  It is actually one of my favorite!|That's nice. As a bot, I can't drink, but I know that Sprite has a lemon-lime flavor.
Sprite is a colourless, caffeine-free, lemon and lime-flavored soft drink created by The Coca-Cola Company.|Do they make any other flavors?|I'm not sure, but they're made by Coca-Cola.||I actually am not sure about that.  It is a colourless, caffeine-free, lemon lime flavored soft drink created by the Coca-cola company
It was first developed in West Germany in 1959 as Fanta Klare Zitrone (“Clear Lemon Fanta”) and was introduced in the United States under the current brand name Sprite in 1961 as a competitor to 7 Up.|when was it created?|It was first developed in West Germany in 1959.||It was first developed in West Germany in 1959 as Fanta Klare Zitrone and was introduced in the United States under the current name Sprite in 1961
It was first developed in West Germany in 1959 as Fanta Klare Zitrone (“Clear Lemon Fanta”) and was introduced in the United States under the current brand name Sprite in 1961 as a competitor to 7 Up.|Wow, I actually thought it had been around since the 1800s.|It was first developed in West Germany in 1959.|It's major competitor is 7 UP|Turns out it's much younger! Its major competitor is 7 Up.
The southernmost of the Scandinavian nations, it is south-west of Sweden and south of Norway, and bordered to the south by Germany.|Hey!  I have been interested in visiting Denmark.  Have you been there?|I have not but I know that it is the southernmost of Scandinavian nations.|Not personally, but it seems like an interesting place. If you go there you're also very close to Germany as it borders Denmark, so you can visit two countries very easily!|No I haven't!  I'm a bot so I don't get to travel.  I know that Denmark is the most southern nation of Scandinavia.  It's close by to Sweden, Norway, and Germany.
The islands are characterised by flat, arable land and sandy coasts, low elevation and a temperate climate.|Yes I think you're right there.  Do you know anything about the geographical features of Denmark?|I know that the islands are characterised by flat, arable land and sandy coasts.|Well it has sandy coasts and a temperate climate, so I imagine beaches there might be quite enjoyable|Yeah, I do!  The islands have arable land that's quite flat, and sandy coasts.  It has a temperate climate and a low elevation.
Denmark and Norway remained under the same monarch until outside forces dissolved the union in 1814.|That's nice.  I imagine the culture and history of the country is attactive, right?|I'm not sure, but Denmark and Norway remained under the same monarch until 1814.|It certainly has an interesting history, given that it was under the same monarch as Norway until 1814, so I'm sure it has a deep history.|Let's see what I can tell you about the history.  Oh, until 1814, Denmark and Norway had the same monarch.  At that point forces from outside dissolved the union.
Denmark (; , ), officially the Kingdom of Denmark, is a Nordic country and a sovereign state.|I definitely did not know that.  Is Denmark ruled by a Monarch, or is it a Democracy?|I'm not sure, but it's officially called the Kingdom of Denmark.|It's officially a Kingdom, but I think it's ruled more like a democracy in reality.|Um it's officially a Kingdom!  It's a sovereign state.
Husky is a general name for a sled-type of dog used in northern regions, differentiated from other sled-dog types by their fast pulling style.|I just got a husky puppy|Oh, neat! Husky is a sled-type of dog used in northern regions.|It sounds cute! Huskies are known amongst sled-dogs for their fast pulling style.|Neat! Huskies are know for their sled-pulling skills. Are you planning to use it for something like that?
Sled dogs were important for transportation in arctic areas, hauling supplies in areas that were inaccessible by other methods.|No, just a pet, but I guess in the north they are working dogs, huh?|I'm not sure, but they were important for transportation in arctic areas.|Sled dogs, including Huskies, are used for transportation in arctic areas.|Well, sled dogs were at one time an important form of transportation in the arctic. So yours is just a pet, though, right?
Huskies are also today kept as pets, and groups work to find new pet homes for retired racing and adventure trekking dogs.|That is so cool and probably helpful but mine is just a pet|I see, do you find new homes for retired racing and trekking dogs?||That's not uncommon! There are rescue groups that specialize in finding homes for retired sled dogs.
The word ''husky'' originated from the word referring to Arctic people in general, Eskimos (a.k.a.|I bet they retire them at a certain age then they need a home huh|I'm not sure, but the word husky came from the word referring to Arctic people in general.|Yes. Huskies got their name from the word referring to Eskimos.|I don't know, but I do know that huskies got their name from a word that refers to Arctic people.
The Ford Mustang is an American car manufactured by Ford.|I have a Ford Mustang that I restored awhile ago.  Have you ever owned one?|No, I'm a bot, so I can't own cars. I know that Ford Mustangs are made by Ford.|The Ford Mustang is an American car manufactured by Ford, I have never owned a Mustang but I have owned a Taurus.|Bots can't own cars. But speaking of the ford mustang. Did you know it is manufactured by Ford?
The original 1962 Ford Mustang I two-seater concept car had evolved into the 1963 Mustang II four-seater concept car which Ford used to pretest how the public would take interest in the first production Mustang.|I think that is obvious. Do you know when the Mustang was first made?|I'm not sure, but the Mustang was made in 1962.||Yeah the original ford mustang was manufactured in 1962! It was a two-seater concept car.
The Mustang has undergone several transformations to its current sixth generation.|Who came up with the name ''Mustang''?  It's an odd name for a car!|I'm not sure, but it's now in its sixth generation.|Well a Mustang is actually a wild American horse. The current generation of Ford Mustangs is the Sixth.|I am not sure about that. Did you know that the mustang is currently in its sixth generation ?
The Ford Motor Company (commonly referred to simply as ''Ford'') is an American multinational automaker headquartered in Dearborn, Michigan, a suburb of Detroit.|I had no idea. What do you know about ford ?|Well, I know that Ford Motor Company is headquartered in Dearborn, Michigan.|I'm not sure where they are currently but the first Ford Motor Company manufacturing plant was headquartered in Dearborn, Michigan a suburb of Detroit!|Well, I know that the company is actually called Ford Motor Company and has its headquarters in Dearborn
It was initially introduced as a hardtop and convertible with the fastback version put on sale in August 1964.|My Mustang has a solid roof - do they make convertibles as well?|I'm not sure, but the Mustang was first a hardtop and convertible.||They do, in fact it was initially introduced as a hardtop and a convertible in 1964!
In humans, ageing represents the accumulation of changes in a human being over time, encompassing physical, psychological, and social changes.|I really dislike getting to be old.|I see, did you know that ageing can be a form of changes in the human being?|I agree. Many changes occur in the human body over time.. especially emotional physical and psychological changes.|Do you?  There's an accumulation of changes over time when one ages.  They include psychological, social, and physical changes.
Reaction time, for example, may slow with age, while knowledge of world events and wisdom may expand.|Tell me about it, I can't remember things now.|Well, it can slow with age, while knowledge of world events and wisdom can expand.|Take for example, reaction time.. it gets slower as we get older.|Aw.  How's your reaction time?  I can slow with age.
In the broader sense, ageing can refer to single cells within an organism which have ceased dividing (cellular senescence) or to the population of a species (population ageing).|That is why I no longer drive, I'm too slow.|I see, did you know that ageing can refer to single cells within an organism that have ceased dividing?|Aging can refer to single cells within an organism that has ceased dividing..|Oh I see.  When an organism's single cells stop dividing, it's called cellular senescence, which is an ageing process.
Ageing is among the greatest known risk factors for most human diseases: of the roughly 150,000 people who die each day across the globe, about two thirds die from age-related causes.|That is really scientific stuff, are you a scientist?|I'm a bot, so I can't do that. I know that ageing is one of the most common risk factors for most human diseases.|Just an aging human lol. It's a risk factor for roughly the 150,000 people who die each day from age related disease. Lots of people die in the month of August.|No, just a knowledgeable bot!  Did you know about 150,000 people die every day around the world, from age-related causes?
The term blindness is used for complete or nearly complete vision loss.|Do you know anyone with visual impairment? I feel so bad for anyone I know who does|I do not, but I know that blindness is used for nearly complete or complete vision loss.|Not closely but it's a very sad situation when someone has complete vision loss. Even when not fully. Today I actually saw someone blind, they had a dog, helping them.|I do not. Do you know anyone blind ? Those have total or lose to total vision loss
Visual impairment may cause people difficulties with normal daily activities such as driving, reading, socializing, and walking.|I don't. I only know people with visual impairment|I see, did you know that visual impairment can cause people with difficulty with normal daily activities such as reading, driving, socializing, and walking?|I completely agree with you as visual impaired people have so many difficulties on normal daily tasks like driving and walking.|I see, people who have visual impairment can have difficulties with activities like driving, reading, walking and even socializing
Tactile warnings provide a distinctive surface pattern of truncated domes, cones or bars detectable by long cane or underfoot which are used to alert the visually impaired of approaching streets and hazardous surface or grade changes.|That is just so sad to me, I take it for granted every day, I wish there was something I could do to help them...|I see, did you know that tactile warnings provide a distinctive surface pattern of truncated domes, cones or bars?|I know, I feel the same way. I wish there were more tactile warning that can be detectable by long canes to alert the visually impaired but some think they might be hazardous.|Yeah, there are tactile warnings that can be used as an alert to visuallu impaired people
Cydalion is a navigation aid for people with visual impairments for Tango-enabled devices.|Very interesting. What else there is ?|I'm not sure, but Cydalion is a navigation aid for people with visual impairments.|Either that or give them, for free, a Cydalion which is a navigation aid for people with visual impairments. They work in Tango-enabled devices.|There is also the cydlion, which is actually a navigation aid that helps people with visual impairment
The Blue Ridge Parkway is a National Parkway and All-American Road in the United States, noted for its scenic beauty.|Hi buddy, I like to travel more.|Oh, nice. Did you know that Blue Ridge Parkway is an All American Road?|You should head down to the The Blue Ridge Parkway. It's a beautiful area. I go every fall.|Hiya!  Have you heard of Blue Ridge Parkway?  It's an All-American Road, known for it's scenery.
The parkway, which is America's longest linear park, runs for through 29 Virginia and North Carolina counties, linking Shenandoah National Park to Great Smoky Mountains National Park.|Yes It is colourful mountain.The Blue Ridge Mountains are noted for having a bluish color when seen from a distance.|Oh, that's nice. It's America's longest linear park.|My favorite part of the parkway is Shenandoah National Park but my wife prefer's the smokys.|Wow!  That parkway runs through 29 counties of North Carolina and Virginia.  It links two national parks, Shenandoah and Great Smoky Mountains.
The parkway has been the most visited unit of the National Park System every year since 1946 except three (1949, 2013, and 2016).|Hmm sounds like a gorgeous drive.  Is it popular?|I'm not sure, but it's been the most visited parkway since 1946.|Yes You can actually drive to the top of it. Before national parks people would just flock to the parkway to  vacation.|It's the unit that's most visited in the National Park  System annually since 1946, except for 3 years!
Land on either side of the road is owned and maintained by the National Park Service, and in many places parkway land is bordered by United States Forest Service property.|Wow that makes me want to go even more.  Who maintains it?|It's owned by the National Park Service.|I think what makes it the best is that Land on either side of the road is owned and maintained by the National Park Service|Oh that would be the National Park  Service.
Begun during the administration of President Franklin D. Roosevelt, the project was originally called the Appalachian Scenic Highway.|I see.  When was it created?|It was originally called the Appalachian Scenic Highway.|We have President Franklin D. Roosevelt to thank for this beautiful area. Do you think your gonna go visit it?|Seems it was started during President Roosevelt's administration.
Human swimming typically consists of repeating a specific body motion or swimming stroke to propel that body forward.|I enjoy swimming ,especially the stroke style|Interesting, do you like to repeat a specific motion or stroke to propel your body forward?|I am not good at swimming. I get scared in water. and the  energy used to propel the body is too much|Interesting. Swimming is actually the propulsion of the body forward by repetitive body motion
Breathing typically must be synchronized with the strokes, too.|Do you know the styles used in swimming?|I don't, but I know that the strokes usually have a synchronization with the strokes.|No I do not. Just asking, How does one breath while in water?|I don't. But I know that the breathing must be in synch with the strokes
to manipulate an object (a swimmer in distress, a ball), or just to stay afloat.|I thought you should know since you have the information|I know that you can manipulate objects to stay afloat.|I was being curious to learn from someone who is good at swimming. I will try to swim using a ball to float until am able to|I see, one can manipulate an object or just stay afloat
In high school, collegiate, and Olympic swimming, there are two undulating strokes (breaststroke, and butterfly,) and two alternating strokes (front crawl and backstroke.)|Well that's nice ,when was swimming introduced as a sport?|I'm not sure, but I know that in high school, collegiate and Olympic swimming there are two undulating strokes.|I am not sure but I am aware it is done as a sport in schools and collegiate as a sport|I am not sure about that. Did you know that in Olympic swimming, as well as high school and collegiate, there are undulating strokes and alternating strokes ?
A kale plant has green or purple leaves and the central leaves do not form a head (as with headed cabbages).|I've been trying to eat healthy and have decided I absolutely love kale!|Oh, cool! Did you know that kale plants have purple or green leaves?||Do you prefer kale with green leaves or kale with purple leaves
It was also used as medicinal food source.|I prefer the purple but it's easier to find the green in my local store. What's your preference?|I'm a bot, so I don't have preferences. I know that purple was used as a medicinal food.|I don't think I have a preference, but the only kind of kale I have ever had is green.  I never knew that it actually had medicinal qualities to it|As a bot, I don't eat, but did you know that it's been used as a form of medicine?
Planet Smoothie is the third largest American chain of smoothie stores serving smoothies.|No, I didn't but it is a versatile food. The smoothie bar near me starting serving a kale smoothie. Didn't sound great but they add apple and kiwi, pretty tasty.|I see, did you know Planet Smoothie is the third largest American chain of smoothie stores serving smoothies?|Oh really?  Is your local smoothie bar a Planet Smoothie or a Smoothie King?|Oh, really? Is your local smoothie bar a Planet Smoothie, by chance?
Jamba Juice Company is a restaurant retailer headquartered in Frisco, Texas, with over 875 locations operating in 26 U.S. states, as well as Canada, the Philippines, Mexico, Taiwan, South Korea, Thailand and the United Arab Emirates.|Actually it's Tropical Cafe & Smoothie Bar. Though I really wish we had a Jamba Juice.|I see, did you know that Jamba Juice Company is headquartered in Frisco, Texas?|I have not ever been to any smoothie shop.  I do think we have a Jamba Juice close to us, and maybe a Smoothie King|I see, Jamba Juice has over 800 locations in many countries, isn't that interesting?
There are approximately 68 company-owned locations and 752 franchise-operated stores in the United States, in addition to the 65 international stores.|That doesn't surprise me, it's great. They have a great mocha smoothie. How many stores do they have outside the US?|I'm not sure, but they have 752 franchise-owned stores.|Oh my goodness. A mocha smoothie sounds absolutely delicious.  I bet there isn't any kale in that one.|That's cool! They have 65 stores outside the US.
Wait staff can abide by these rules by completing many different tasks throughout their shifts, such as food-running, polishing dishes and silverware, helping bus tables, and restocking working stations with needed supplies.|I might be waiting staff next week|Wait staff can do many different tasks throughout their shifts, like polishing dishes and silverware, helping bus tables, and restocking working stations with needed supplies.|Oh, that sounds like it might be high activity! You'll possibly be doing food-running, polishing dishes and silverware, maybe other things like busing tables and restocking work stations, huh?|Interesting. As a wait staff can complete many tasks like food-running, busing tables, restocking stations and more
Waiting on tables is (along with nursing and teaching) part of the service sector, and among the most common occupations in the United States.|It it tough to learn?|I'm not sure, but it's one of the most common jobs in the US.|Not at all! You just follow the rules and guidelines that your manager will lay out for you. You'll be happy to know that waiting tables is kind of like nursing and teaching, where you're a part of the service sector|I don't have the answer to ther. But waiting on tables actually is a very common occupation in the US
The Bureau of Labor Statistics estimates that, as of May 2008, there were over 2.2 million persons employed as servers in the U.S.|I will try my best I guess tht is all anyone can ask for|I see, did you know that there were over 2.2 million servers in the US?|That's a good attitude. You'll be happy to know that you'll be one of over 2.2 million to do the job, as estimated by the Bureau of Labor Statistics back in 2008. So, you're joining a large crowd.|Sounds great. Did you know that there was more than 2.2 million servers in the USA as 2008?
Waitstaff may receive tips as a minor or major part of their earnings, with customs varying widely from country to country.|Wow do you know anything else about it?|Yes, tips can be a major part of their earnings, though customs vary a lot from country to country.|Well, as a part of the waitstaff, you'll be receiving tips, which can either make up just a minor or even major part of your earnings. It's hard to say, as customs around tipping vary greatly from country to country.|Yes, I also know that the waitstaff's earnings might be made up majorly or minorly of the tips they receive
Many restaurants choose a specific uniform for their wait staff to wear.|I guess I have a lot to learn!|I see, did you know that many restaurants choose a specific uniform for their wait staff to wear?|You will do great! Just remember that depending on the restaurant you work at, they may require you to work some sort of specific uniform to wear, as they want their waitstaff to present the same image.|Yeah, it is also important to remember that the staff have to wear specific unifrom in many restaurants
Iguana (, ) is a genus of herbivorous lizards that are native to tropical areas of Mexico, Central America, South America, and the Caribbean.|I used to have a pet Iguana. His name was Junior.|Iguanas are a genus of herbivorous lizards that are native to tropical areas of Mexico, Central America, South America, and the Caribbean.|Aww..I bet it was cute! I read that lizards are native to tropical areas of Mexico, central america, south america, and the carribean|Interesting. Did you know that iguanas are native to places like Mexico, South America, the caribbean and central america?
Two species are included in the genus ''Iguana'': the green iguana, which is widespread throughout its range and a popular pet, and the Lesser Antillean iguana, which is native to the Lesser Antilles and endangered due to habitat destruction.|I did'nt know that, what else do you know about iguanas ?|Well, I also know that the green iguana and the Lesser Antillean iguana are among the species that are included in the genus.||There are two species of ''Iguana'' the green iguana and the lesser antillaean Iguana
Iguanas can range from in length, including their tail.|Junior was a green iguana. His favorite food was Strawberries.|Is that so? I know that they can range in length, including their tail.||I read they can range in length including their tail.  About how long was yours?
The two species of lizard within the genus ''Iguana'' possess a dewlap, a row of spines running down their backs to their tails, and a tiny ''third eye'' on their heads.|He wasn't super long. Maybe a couple of feet. Kinda a little guy as iguanas go.|I see, did you know that the lizards have a row of spines running down their backs to their tails?||I read that they have a third eye on their heads
The two species of lizard within the genus ''Iguana'' possess a dewlap, a row of spines running down their backs to their tails, and a tiny ''third eye'' on their heads.|Do they really? I never noticed that. One fun factoid though: I fed him a vegetarian diet. If you feed them meat, you risk salmonella when handling them.|I'm not sure, but they have a dewlap, spines and a tiny third eye on their heads.||I also read they have a row of spines running down their backs
The Steelers lost their most recent championship appearance, Super Bowl XLV, on February 6, 2011.|Huge fan of the Steelers. Whats you favorite sports team?|I'm a bot, so I don't have favorites. I know they lost their most recent Super Bowl appearance in 2011.|I like the Jaguars myself. My mother is a Steelers fan, she was so disappointed when they lost Super Bowl XLV on February 6th, 2011.|I don't have one, being a bot. I can tell you that they last made the Super Bowl in 2011. Do you remember that?
Pittsburgh has won more Super Bowl titles (6) and both played in (16) and hosted more conference championship games (11) than any other NFL team.|I do, I hope they make it to the Superbowl next year. Do you think they'll be in the playoffs?|I'm not sure, but they have won more Super Bowl titles (6).|I'm not sure I haven't followed the league as closely recently. I wouldn't be surprised if they do though, they have played in 16 conference championships after all.|I don't know, but they have played in more Super Bowls and conference championships than any other team.
The Steelers have won 8 AFC championships, tied with the Denver Broncos, but behind the New England Patriots' record 10 AFC championships.|Wow that is impressive. I wonder who is the star quaterback is now since I haven't kept up as much either.|I'm not sure, but they have won 8 AFC championships, tied with the Denver Broncos, but behind the Patriots' 10 AFC championships.|I believe it's still Ben Roethlisberger, who is also responsible for some of their 8 AFC championship wins, only behind that of the Patriots in number.|I don't know his name, but more on the teams historical success: They have 8 AFC championship wins. Only the Patriots have more! What do you think of their quarterback?
He became the youngest Super Bowl-winning quarterback in NFL history, leading the Steelers, in only his second professional season, to a 21–10 victory over the Seattle Seahawks in Super Bowl XL at the age of 23.|Well, I know he is well-known for his passing yards technique.|He was the youngest Super Bowl-winning quarterback in NFL history.|He certainly has quite the arm, and such skill it's no wonder he became the youngest Super Bowl-winning quarterback in only his second season at age 23.|Yes, and he won the Super Bowl in his second year in the league! What do you think of that?
He received offers from North Carolina, Boston College, and Connecticut but ultimately chose to attend the University of Maryland to play football.|Yes, it's great. Also Sean Davis is good when it comes to interceptions and tackles so I heard.|Yeah, he got offers from Boston College, North Carolina, and Connecticut.|Yeah he's such a good player, I'm surprised he chose to play for the University of Maryland at college, they're not really known as a football powerhouse.|Well, he got offers from several colleges, but chose to play at Maryland.
It is typically a secondary sex characteristic of human males.|I wish I could grow more facial hair.|That's nice. It's a secondary sex characteristic of human males.|My facial isn't very special either.  It typically grows on males.|Oh really?  Facial hair's typically seen on human males.
However, in cultures where facial hair is uncommon (or currently out of fashion), beards may be associated with poor hygiene or a ''savage'', uncivilized, or even dangerous demeanor.|Yeah I hope I don't see many girls with beards haha.|I see, did you know that in cultures where facial hair is uncommon, beards can be associated with poor hygiene or a ''savage''?|That's funny.  In some cultures facial hair is a sign of poor hygiene or being uncivilized.|Hah!  Oh hey, did you know that there are some cultures where it's uncommon to have facial hair?  In cultures like that, some associate beards with a dangerous demeanor, or poor hygiene!
Facial hair in the military has been at various times common, prohibited, or an integral part of the uniform.|Wow that would be useful information for some travellers to know!  What about the military and facial hair, know anything about that?|Yes, facial hair has been common in the military, prohibited, or is an integral part of the uniform.|It is common in the military for facial hair to be prohibited. Which seems to make sense.|Oh sure.  Sometimes it's been considered a necessary part of a uniform!  At other times it's been prohibited.
This varies, as boys may first develop facial hair between fourteen and sixteen years of age, and boys as young as eleven have been known to develop facial hair.|Yeah as well as long hair on your head, since it can be a detriment.|I see, did you know that boys can develop facial hair between 14 and 16 years old?|Most teenager males tend to start growing facial hair between 14 and 16.  Not for me however.|Oh yeah?  Oh did you know that boys can grow facial hair as young as 11?
Glasses are typically used for vision correction, such as with reading glasses and glasses used for nearsightedness.|Everyone in my family has to wear glasses except for me. Do you wear them?|I'm a bot, so I can't wear glasses. I know they're used for vision correction.|Yes, but I only wear them for vision correction, reading glasses, and I wear sunglasses.|I am a bot, so no glasses for me. But speaking of glasses, do your family members use reading glasses or for nearsightedness?
Glasses, also known as eyeglasses or spectacles, are devices consisting of glass or hard plastic lenses mounted in a frame that holds them in front of a person's eyes, typically using a bridge over the nose and arms which rest over the ears.|I think is for reading. What else do you know about them?|Well, I also know that they are mounted in a frame that holds them in front of a person's eyes.||They are traditionally known as eye glass or spectacles and they consist of glass of hard plastic which is mounted in a fame that holds them over a person's eyes, using the bride of the nose and the ears.
Safety glasses provide eye protection against flying debris for construction workers or lab technicians; these glasses may have protection for the sides of the eyes as well as in the lenses.|That's interesting! How long have they been around?|I'm not sure, but they can also protect the sides of the eyes.||I'm not sure when they were invented but some people wear safety glasses to provide eye protection against flying debris or for lab technicians. These glasses protect the sides of the eyes as well as the front.
Some types of safety glasses are used to protect against visible and near-visible light or radiation.|Oh yeah, I've had to wear them in chemistry before. Aren't they closer to goggles?|I'm not sure, but some types of safety glasses are used to protect against visible or near-visible light.|Yes, they are like goggles in that sense. They can also protect against visible and near visible light and radiation.|I can't confirm that to you. But I know that there are also safety glasses that are used for protection against visible and also near visible radiation or light
Glasses are worn for eye protection in some sports, such as squash.|Oh wow, I thought they were just for debris!|I see, did you know that glasses are worn for protection in some sports?||They are also worn for sports, for protection, such as squash.
The service was created by three former PayPal employees—Chad Hurley, Steve Chen, and Jawed Karim—in February 2005.|I love to surf youtube, I always end up watching interesting videos on there.|Cool, did you know that the service was created by three former PayPal employees in 2005?|I love youtube, been using it since it came out in 2005!|Oh do you? Jawed Karim, Steve Chen, and Chad Hurley created it in February 2005.
YouTube allows users to upload, view, rate, share, add to favorites, report, comment on videos, and subscribe to other users.|I dont' know when I first discovered it, but I watched at least an hour videos on there a day.|Oh, that's nice. YouTube allows users to share, upload, view, rate, and more videos.|you ever upload your own videos? Youtube allows anyone to do that since they first came out.|Nice.  I understand that one can view, upload, rate, share, comment and report videos.  And add to favorites too!
Google bought the site in November 2006 for US$1.65 billion; YouTube now operates as one of Google's subsidiaries.|Yes, I have a small channel about different car exhaust sounds.|Oh, cool! Did you know YouTube is one of Google's subsidiaries?|O really? Has your channel run into issues since Youtube has been changing under Googles ownership? I preferred old google policies|Cool.  Did you know that Google bought Youtube in 2006?  They paid $1.65 billion for it!
Most of the content on YouTube is uploaded by individuals, but media corporations including CBS, the BBC, Vevo, and Hulu offer some of their material via YouTube as part of the YouTube partnership program.|Wow that's a lot of money!   What do you know about who uploads content?|Well, I know that some of the content is uploaded by individuals, but some of the media corporations offer some via YouTube.|Yea a lot of people have been criticizing their recent changes since they favor big youtubers and dont care about small time ones, it's sad.|Oh it's mostly individuals.  YouTube does have a partnership program with media corporations too.  Some examples are, the BBC, Hulu, CBS and Vevo.
Available content includes video clips, TV show clips, music videos, short and documentary films, audio recordings, movie trailers, live streams, and other content such as video blogging, short original videos, and educational videos.|Oh I didn't know about the media partnerships thing.  I mainly watch music videos.  What other kinds of content is there?|There are several types of content, like video clips, TV shows, music videos, and more.|Yea they really crack down on copyright striking and dont punish big time youtubers while also changing their stance on cussing and bad content, really dumb.|Gosh there is such a variety of content!  Some examples are TV show clips, video clips, documentary films, movie trailers, educational videos and even live streams!
Metallica is an American heavy metal band from Los Angeles, California.|What do you think of the band Metallica? Personally I'm not a fan.|I don't really have an opinion about them, but I know they're from Los Angeles.|I understand they are a heavy metal band out of LA - I'm not a fan either - that is just not my genre of music.|I'm a bot, so can't listen to music. I know that Metallica is from Los Angeles. What do you like?
The band's fast tempos, instrumentals and aggressive musicianship made them one of the founding ''big four'' bands of thrash metal, alongside Megadeth, Anthrax and Slayer.|I enjoy classic and alternative rock but heavy metal just isn't my thing.|Oh, cool! Did you know they were one of the "big four" thrash metal bands?|Apparently they were one of the founding big four bands of thrash metal along with Megadeth, Anthrax and Slayer|That's nice. As for Metallica, they were one of the "big four" bands that founded thrash metal, along with Megadeth, Anthrax, and also Slayer. Do you know those ones?
The group was considered one of the leaders of the thrash metal scene during the 1980s and is one of the ''Big Four'' thrash metal bands with Metallica, Megadeth, and Slayer; Anthrax is the only one of the four from the East Coast.|I've never heard of any of those other bands? Where they as popular as Metallica?|I'm not sure, but they were considered one of the leaders in the thrash metal scene in the 1980s.|I think so, especially Anthrax, even though they were the only one of those big four from the east coast.|I don't know if they were as popular, but Anthrax in particular happens to be the only one from the East.
According to Nielsen SoundScan, Anthrax sold 2.5 million records in the United States from 1991 to 2004, with worldwide sales of 10 million.|What was one of their songs?|I'm not sure, but they sold 2.5 million records in the US from 1991 to 2004.|I'm not sure, but they've sold 2.5 million records in the US from 1991-2004 and 10 million worldwide so I guess some people like them.|I don't know any songs, but I know that they sold 2.5 million records in America alone through 2004.
Radiology is the science that uses medical imaging to diagnose and sometimes also treat diseases within the body.|Hello|Hello, I know that radiation is the science that uses medical imaging to diagnose and also treat diseases in the body.|How's it going, I understand you had some questions about the science of radiology?|Have you heard of radiology? It is a science that uses images, medical, to diagnose and occasionally treat issues found in the body?
A variety of imaging techniques such as X-ray radiography, ultrasound, computed tomography (CT), nuclear medicine including positron emission tomography (PET), and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) are used to diagnose and/or treat diseases.|I have but can you tell me more?|There are a variety of techniques to diagnose diseases, like X-ray radiography, ultrasound, computed tomography, and magnetic resonance imaging.|Radiology uses a variety of techniques to form medical images, think MRI scans or CT scans or even X-rays.|To find and occasionally treat a disease, image techniques like CT, PET and MRI are used.
A variety of imaging techniques such as X-ray radiography, ultrasound, computed tomography (CT), nuclear medicine including positron emission tomography (PET), and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) are used to diagnose and/or treat diseases.|That sounds really interesting, I am thinking about Radiology as a career. Are you able to expand on what kind if techniques are used?|I can't say but there are a variety of techniques like X-ray radiography, ultrasound, computed tomography, and magnetic resonance imaging.|Radiology would be a great career! There's other techniques such as ultrasound, computed tomography, positron emission tomography - you can specialize in many types of imaging|It uses a variety of image techniques. Things like ultrasound and computer tomography to name a few.
Medical imaging seeks to reveal internal structures hidden by the skin and bones, as well as to diagnose and treat disease.|So many different kinds of imaging. Fascinating! I don't have much experience with any of these but it seems like a good area, have you ever needed any scans?|No, I'm a bot, so I can't scan. I know that medical imaging seeks to reveal internal structures hidden by the bones and skin.|I've had some medical imaging done on myself actually, an MRI on my knee. It's great because it's non-invasive and painless.|I do not need scans as a bot. The imaging is used to find structures hidden away by body. It is also used to treat the disease.
Medical imaging is the technique and process of creating visual representations of the interior of a body for clinical analysis and medical intervention, as well as visual representation of the function of some organs or tissues (physiology).|Can you tell me more about medical imaging?|Sure, it is the process and technique of creating visual representations of the interior of a body for clinical analysis and medical intervention.|Amazing! We've come a long way in medical technology in the past 50 years.|Yes, it is used to visually represent the insides of the body for analysis. Medical intervention based on it is done as well.
The Grateful Dead was an American rock band formed in 1965 in Palo Alto, California.|Do you like the Grateful Dead?|I'm a bot, so I can't listen to music. I know they formed in 1965 in Palo Alto, California.|Yes they are a rock band formed in 1965 in Palo Alto, California.|I know that they are a rock band that was formed in california in 1965
Ranging from quintet to septet, the band is known for its unique and eclectic style, which fused elements of rock, psychedelia, experimental music, modal jazz, country, folk, bluegrass, blues, reggae, and space rock, for live performances of lengthy instrumental jams, and for their devoted fan base, known as ''Deadheads''.|Are they still together today?|I'm not sure, but they have a unique and eclectic style.|Yes they still have events! Ranging from quintet to septet, the band is known for its unique and eclectic style, which fused elements of rock, psychedelia, experimental music, and modal jazz|I can't confirm you that. But i know that they are known for having a unique style, fusing rock elements, psychedelia, modal jazz country, and many others
These various influences were distilled into a diverse and psychedelic whole that made the Grateful Dead ''the pioneering Godfathers of the jam band world''.|Their music sounds very interesting to utilize all those styles. What is their most well known song?|I'm not sure, but they were distilled into a whole that made the Grateful Dead "the pioneering Godfathers of the jam band world".|i have heard hese various influences were distilled into a diverse and psychedelic whole that made the Grateful Dead sound|I am not sure about that. I know that the grateful dead is considered pioneers
The band was ranked 57th by ''Rolling Stone'' magazine in its The Greatest Artists of All Time issue.|How many people are in the band?|I'm not sure, but they were ranked 57th by "Rolling Stone" magazine.|I think they had 4 or 6 im not sure, The band was ranked 57th by ''Rolling Stone'' magazine|I am not sure about that also. I know that the rolling stone magazing raked them 57th
The City of New York, often called New York City or simply New York, is the most populous city in the United States.|I really love New York City. I never get bored - there's always something to do.|Nice, did you know that it's the most populated city in the US?|I love it as well it is such a populous city in the US and I love their fashion.|Interesitng. Did you know that it is the city with the biggest population in the US ?
Natural beauty such as beaches, tropical island resorts with coral reefs, hiking and camping in national parks, mountains, deserts and forests, are examples of traditional tourist attractions to spend summer vacations.|You're right, there are a lot of people. I like getting away from the tourist attractions, it's much less busy.|I see, did you know that beaches, tropical island resorts with coral reefs, hiking and camping in national parks, mountains, deserts and forests are some of the traditional tourist attractions?|The tourist is very bad there I can say everywhere you go it is busy from the hotels, to museums beaches even the traffic lol.|I see. Do you like natural beauty like tropical islands, beaches, mountains and other things ?
The Royal Ontario Museum (ROM, ) is a museum of art, world culture and natural history in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.|I like them, but they are tourist attractions|Oh, nice. Did you know they are a museum of art, world culture, and natural history?|I like the Royal Onario Museum it is actually in Toronto, Canada have you been or heard of it?|Yeah. What about museums? Have you ever been to the ar museum ROM  located in Canada?
The city's fast pace defines the term ''New York minute''.|I've been to the Royal Ontario Museum, and I like it too. What I love about New York is that there are so many museums within walking distance.|Nice, did you know that the city's fast pace defines the term "New York minute"?|Everything is walking distance and very close in New York you know that is why they call it The New York minute because of it;s fast pace.|I agree, and the New York Minute term comes from the fast face of the city
It offers service 24 hours per day on every day of the year.|I didn't know that, but it makes sense! New York has a great subway system, too. You can get anywhere in the city in no time at all.|It has service 24 hours a day on every day of the year.|I have heard living there it is much better to take the subway because of traffic and it is also open 24 hours everyday of the year.|Yeah, and it is actually open 24 hour per day every day
The band was formed in 1981 by drummer Lars Ulrich and vocalist/guitarist James Hetfield.|hello have you heard about the band Metalica|Yes, Lars Ulrich and James Hetfield formed the band in 1981.|Yes I have, they are a heavy metal band from Los Angeles, California formed by Lars ulrich, and James Hetfield.|Yes, I know that the band was created in 1981 by Lars Ulrich and James hetfield
Kill 'Em All is the debut studio album by the American heavy metal band Metallica, released on July 25, 1983, by the independent record label Megaforce Records.|they started there in 1981 I I don't think they ever stopped being the best|I see, did you know they released Kill 'em All in 1983?|My favorite is Kill 'em all that they released in 1982 under the independent record label Megaforce Records.|Yeah, did you know that their debut album was released in 1983?
Ride the Lightning is the second studio album by American heavy metal band Metallica, released on July 27, 1984, by the independent record label Megaforce Records.|Yes, I love that album. I don't remember the second one though|Oh, yeah? It was released in 1984.||Ride the Lightning was their second studio album, they released it in 1984
The title was taken from a passage in Stephen King's novel ''The Stand''.|I think my favorite song from that album was Fade to Black|Oh, cool! Did you know the title was taken from a passage in Stephen King's novel?||The album title was taken from a passage in Stephen King's novel, ''The Stand''
He was brought up as a Jehovah's Witness.|it was the last album before Dave Mustaine was kicked out of the band|I see, did you know he was brought up as a Jehovah's Witness?|I like Megadeath too,  Dave Mustaine was raised by Jehovah's Witness of all things.|Yeah, he was actually raised as Jehovah's Witness
The Notre Dame Fighting Irish football team is the intercollegiate football team representing the University of Notre Dame in Notre Dame, Indiana.|I love college football. I can't wait for the season to start.|Nice, did you know that the Notre Dame Fighting Irish team is the intercollegiate football team representing the University of Notre Dame?|Is there a particular school you root for? My family likes Notre Dame football.|Cool, Do you know about the Notre Dame football team, the Fighting Irish?
Three Auburn players, Pat Sullivan in 1971, Bo Jackson in 1985, and Cam Newton in 2010 have won the Heisman Trophy.|I do, but I love the Auburn Tigers. War Eagle!|Oh, nice! Did you know that the Heisman Trophy has been won by three players?|The SEC teams are excellent! Can't go wrong there. And Auburn's great. Several Heisman winners!|I see, Auburn has had three Heisman trophy winners over the years.
The team is currently coached by Brian Kelly and plays its home games at the campus's Notre Dame Stadium, which has a capacity of 77,622.|Yes, it's kind of been hit or miss in recent years, though. I'm not too familiar with Notre Dame. Are they successful?|I'm not sure, but they play at Notre Dame Stadium, which has a capacity of 77,622.|Yeah, they're pretty good. They get a lot of loyal fans - their stadium holds more than 77,000 people!|I don't know how successful they are, but Brian Kelly is their coach, and they play in a stadium that holds over 77,000!
Athletics has gained significant importance at educational institutions; talented athletes may gain entry into higher education through athletic scholarships and represent their institutions in athletic conferences.|Oh wow! That's really all that matters, is the loyalty. True fans will love the team, win or lose.|Yeah, and athletic scholarships can help them get entry into higher education.|I'm all about loyalty! And I have a lot of respect for the athletes - they are talented and have earned their athletic scholarships through so much hard work and sacrifice.|Yes, and athletics has become pretty important at universities. Athletes even get scholarships for playing.
Newton is the only player in the modern era to be awarded the Heisman Trophy, win a national championship, and become the first overall pick in an NFL draft within a one-year span.|That's good. Auburn actually had a scandal a few years back with the quarterback (Cam Newton) getting paid to join the program.|He's the only player in the modern era to win the Heisman Trophy.|Well, that has been a dark spot at some of the bigger schools. Newton was an amazing player for Auburn though - the only in the modern era to get the Heisman, a national championship, and be drafted as first pick, all in the same year!|Yes, but only Cam Newton has won a national championship, a Heisman, and get drafted in the first round, all in the same year!
While horses are sometimes raced purely for sport, a major part of horse racing's interest and economic importance lies in the gambling associated with it, an activity that in 2008 generated a worldwide market worth around US$115 billion.|I am thinking on betting in horse racing.|Oh, that's nice. Did you know that horse racing's economic importance lies in gambling?|I am not relly into betting but do kow that in 2008 horse betting generated 115 billion dollars|Oh yes?  In 2008, horse betting generated about 115 billion US dollars worldwide!
Often, countries have developed their own particular horse racing traditions.|115 billion dollars is a lot of money.I want to grab some of that.|I see, did you know that countries have their own traditions of horse racing?||it also depends on what country you want to bet in, each country has developed their own horse racing traditions
Variations include restricting races to particular breeds, running over obstacles, running over different distances, running on different track surfaces and running in different gaits.|Do you know anything about the traditions here in the USA?|I know that there are variations that restrict races to specific breeds, obstacles, and more.|i do not but i do know there are often restrictions on certain breeds and running on different rack surfaces|I do not.  I do know that some of the things that vary can include the track surface, the horse's gait, the race distance, and also whether or not there are obstacles.
It generates over £3.7 billion for the British economy, and the major horseracing events such as Royal Ascot and Cheltenham Festival are important dates in the British and international sporting and society calendar.|Horse racing seems to be very complex and detailed.|Oh, that's interesting. Did you know that the British economy generates over 3.7 billion?|yes horse racing alone in britain generates 3.7 billion euros|Perhaps!  Did you know that horse racing in Britain generates 3.7 billion pounds?
The dog was the first species to be domesticated and has been selectively bred over millennia for various behaviors, sensory capabilities, and physical attributes.|I love having a dog, I don't know what I would do without him.|Dogs were the first species to be domesticated.|I love dog's as well.  Over the years they have been domesticated due to their behaviors and attributes.|That's nice. Did you know dogs were the first species that was domesticated?
The archaeological record shows the first undisputed dog remains buried beside humans 14,700 years ago, with disputed remains occurring 36,000 years ago.|How long have dogs been used as pets?|I'm not sure, but the first undisputed dog remains were 14,700 years ago.||Dogs were found by human remains almost 15,000 years ago, but some say it could be as long as 36,000 years ago.
The dog and the extant gray wolf are sister taxa as modern wolves are not closely related to the wolves that were first domesticated.|Dog|Dogs are sister taxas, as the wolves that were first domesticated.|Dogs are closely related to the gray wolf, and modern gray wolves aren't closely related as the ones the were domesticated back then.|Yes, dog. Anyway, dogs are somewhat related to the modern gray wolf, but modern gray wolves aren't closely related as the ones the were domesticated back then.
The evolution of the wolf occurred over a geologic time scale of 800 thousand years, transforming the first Middle Pleistocene wolf specimen that is recognized as being morphologically similar to ''Canis lupus'' into today's dog, dingo and gray wolf.|It's amazing all the different breeds emerged over the years.|The evolution of the wolf occurred over a geologic time scale of 800 thousand years.|Evolution has taken a long time, 800 thousand years and there is one that is being called the ''Canis lupus'' that is simialr to dogs today, and also the dingo and gray wolf.|Yes, interesting. It took about 800 thousand years for wolves to eventually evolve into dogs, dingoes, and gray wolves.
Georgia is known as the ''Peach State'' and the ''Empire State of the South''.|Hey.. have you ever been to Georgia before?|I have not but I know that Georgia is called the "Peach State" and "Empire State of the South".|no but i know Georgia is known as the peach state from house of cards.|No, since I'm a bot I don't travel.  I know that it is called the "Peach State" though!
It began as a British colony in 1733, the last of the original Thirteen Colonies.|I haven't been either, but I'd love to go. Peaches are delicious, especially from Georgia.|Oh, that's nice. It started as a British colony in 1733, and was the last of the original 13 colonies.|Yea and it has a lot of culture being it was on of the 13 original colonies as a British colony.|Oh would you!   Did you know it's the final of the original 13 Colonies?
It began as a British colony in 1733, the last of the original Thirteen Colonies.|Oh I didn't know that either! So it probably has a rich history too.|It started as a British colony in 1733, the last of the original thirteen colonies.||yea it started as a colony back in 1733 so its nearly 300 years old.
It was the last state to be restored to the Union, on July 15, 1870.|That's crazy to think about. Maybe I should visit some of their historical places when I go.|That's nice. It was the last state to be restored to the Union in 1870.|it should have a lot of civil war history as it was the last state to be restored into the Union in the aftermath.|Maybe!  Did you know that in July 1870 it was retored to the Union, making it the final state to do so?
Atlanta is the state's capital, its most populous city, and has been named a global city.|You know so much about Georgia! That's really cool.|Yeah, it's the capital of Georgia, and has been named a global city.|Yea nowadays they are only really known for their huge airport hub in their capital city, Atlanta|Oh I also know that the capital is Atlanta.  It is the Georgian city with the highest population.
Hiking is the preferred term, in Canada and the United States, for a long, vigorous walk, usually on trails (footpaths), in the countryside, while the word walking is used for shorter, particularly urban walks.|I love to start hiking! It seems like such a great way to spend a day. Do you enjoy hiking?|I'm a bot, so I can't hike. I know that in the US and Canada, hiking is a term for a long, vigorous walk.|I do sometimes. My wife hikes a lot with our baby. I like to hike in the countryside or on trails|As I am a bot, Hiking is not posible for me. But I can give you some more information about it. Did you know that long walks, typically on trails, are called hiking in the US and canada while shorter and urban walks are called just walking ?
The Superior Hiking Trail, also known as the SHT, is a 310-mile (499 km) long footpath in northeastern Minnesota that follows the ridgeline overlooking Lake Superior for most of its length.|I didn't know that. Can you tell me about a trail?|Sure, the Superior Hiking Trail is a 499 km long footpath.|i know several good trails. One of them is the Superior Hiking Trail (310-mile) it's in northeastern Minnesota that follows the overlooking lake Superior|Sure. Have you ever heard of the Superior trail? Is is 310 miles long and is located in Minnesota
The Appalachian National Scenic Trail, generally known as the Appalachian Trail or simply the A.T., is a marked hiking trail in the Eastern United States extending between Springer Mountain in Georgia and Mount Katahdin in Maine.|I never heard of it. Do you know another one ?|Yes, it is a marked hiking trail in the Eastern United States.|Depends on my mood and how i feel. One time I went on this long appalachian national scenic trail and it was awesome! I've seen some wild animals|I do. The appalachian trail extends between Mount Katahdin and Springer Mountain
A day hike refers to a hike that can be completed in a single day.|That one I know. I would love to spend several days there|That's nice. Have you ever hiked a day hike? It's a hike that can be completed in a single day.|if you go on a short day hike ( which is completed in one day) you don't really need much, just comfortable shoes and clothes and water|Interesting. Do you also like day hikes ? This ones are able to be completed in just one day
Hiking equipment is the equipment taken on outdoor walking trips.|I love those as well. I have to buy more equipment|Oh, that's nice. Hiking equipment is used for outdoor walking trips.|Also you probably need some other hiking equipment like bug spray, sunscreen and maybe some bandaids|Do you mean Hiking equipment? Those are the equipment that you take to outdoor walking trips
It is typically practiced at ski resorts which provide services such as ski lifts, artificial snow making and grooming, first aid, and restaurants.|Back in my college days, I was pretty good at Alpine skiing.  I even won a championship!|Ah, that's nice. It's usually done at ski resorts, which provide services like lifts, first aid, and restaurants.||That is awesome. Alpine skiing is practiced at ski resorts because they provide ski lifts, artificial snow, first aid, and places to eat.
Alpine skiing has been an event at the Winter Olympic Games since 1936 (except for the 1940 games).|I do enjoy going to ski resorts. What's the biggest resort for Alpine skiing?|I'm not sure, but Alpine skiing has been around at the Winter Olympics since 1936.|I'm not sure, there are quite a few. Alpine skiing has been an event at the Winter Olympics since 1936!|Oh I'm not sure.  Did you know that Apine skiing has been at the Winter Olympics since 1936?  There was an exception, though, it wasn't held in 1940.
As of 1994, there were estimated to be 55 million people worldwide, who engaged in Alpine skiing.|Who won the Alpine skiing event in 1936?|I'm not sure, but there were around 55 million people around the world who participated in Alpine skiing.||I have no idea.  There is estimated to be 55 million people worldwide who engage in alpine skiing!
Approximately 30 million of these were in Europe, 15 million in the US, and 14 million in Japan.|Wow, that's a huge number.  Which country has the most Alpine skiing?|I'm not sure, but about 30 million of them were in Europe, 15 million in the US, and 14 million in Japan.||Europe, 30 million people actively ski there
Approximately 30 million of these were in Europe, 15 million in the US, and 14 million in Japan.|How many people ski in the United States?|I'm not sure, but about 30 million of them were in Europe, 15 million in the US, and 14 million in Japan.|15 million! Quite a lot but not like Europe|Oh, about 15 million do.
Historical fiction can be an umbrella term; though commonly used as a synonym for describing the historical novel; the term can be applied to works in other narrative formats, such as those in the performing and visual arts like theatre, opera, cinema and television, as well as video games and graphic novels.|I don't like to brag, but I just will right here. I'm a historical fiction writer.|Interesting, did you know that the term can be used to describe the historical novel?||Historical fiction writers often work on many different kinds of pieces such as movie scripts, books, video games, ect.  What kind do you work on?
Skilled writers who are able to use language to express ideas well often contribute significantly to the cultural content of a society.|Oh, you may of called me out in this one. You know more than I do. I more of a starving artist!  Tell me more, so I can do a better job lol|Well, those writers who can use language to express ideas can contribute significantly to the cultural content of a society.||The best historical writers are usually remembered among their respective societies
Motivation is the reason for people's actions, desires, and needs.|I can try to attain that, I can do this! What else? Help me be a success|Well, motivation is the reason for people's needs, actions and desires.|You just need motivation to work on your writing more to become truly successful.|Well, I can tell you motivation is what drives people's actions.
To further this, an ''incentive'' is the anticipated reward or aversive event available in the environment.|Well I am there then (insert check mark emoji here) Thanks for the tips.|Oh, nice. An ''incentive'' is the anticipated reward or aversive event available in the environment.|You just have to keep thinking about the end goal of where your efforts will take you|And, of course, an incentive would be the reward at the end.
The actual color of the wine can range from intense violet, typical of young wines, through to brick red for mature wines and brown for older red wines.|I love red wine. Especially I love red wine when eating a nice steak.|Oh, really? Did you know that the actual color of red can range from intense violet to brick red?|I also love red wine. I love that different varieties have different colors, from violet through to deep red and even brown in the case of older wines.|Oh really?  Hey did you know that the color can range from violet to brick red to even brown?  The color varies depending on the age of the wine.
It is produced by the alcoholic fermentation of the non-coloured pulp of grapes, which may have a skin of any colour.|I love white wines as well but  red is definetly th ebest.|That's nice. It's produced by the fermentation of the grape pulp.|I love whites in the summer. They differ from reds in that it's the pulp of the grapes which is fermented, as opposed to the skin, which is fermented in red wines.|Think so? It's produced by fermenting grapes' non-coloured pulp!  The grapes skin might be any color.
''Single vineyard'' wines must come from a defined area of less than 5 hectares.|Grapes are the bes t but they are ven better when they are crushed for use in wine.|I see, so you're going to have a single vineyard? They're based on a defined area of less than 5 hectares.|That's for sure! I particularly like South African reds, where their single vinyard wines have to come from an area of less than 5 hectares.|That's one way to look at it!  Have you heard of "single vineyard" wines?  They have to come from 5 hectares or less.
South African wine has a history dating back to 1659 with Constantia, a vineyard near Cape Town.|Oh, interesting.  Hey do you know anything about South African wine?|Yes, South African wine dates back to 1659.|It's really interesting. South African wine making dates back to 1659 to a vineyard near Cape Town.|Yes I do!  It's history dates back to 1659, to a vineyard called Constantia, near Cape Town.
Spaghetti with meatballs (or spaghetti and meatballs) is an American dish consisting of spaghetti, tomato sauce and meatballs.|My fav food is spaghetti and meatballs so i can cook that pretty well|Oh, that's nice. Do you like your spaghetti with meatballs?|It is great Spaghetti with meatballs (or spaghetti and meatballs) is an American dish|That's good. Did you know that it can also be called spaghetti and meatballs and is a dish from america?
It is widely believed that spaghetti with meatballs was an innovation of early 20th-century Italian immigrants in New York City; the National Pasta Association (originally named the National Macaroni Manufacturers Association) is said to be the first organization to publish a recipe for it, in the 1920s.|I did not know that or the history I just love it, I put pork and beef in my meatballs to give them flavor|I see, did you know that spaghetti with meatballs was an innovation of early 20th century Italian immigrants in New York City?||It is great! It is widely believed that spaghetti with meatballs was an innovation of early 20th-century Italian immigrants
Italian writers often mock the dish as pseudo-Italian or non-Italian because, in Italy, meatballs are served only with egg-based baked pasta and are smaller.|Well that makes sense it is a budget stretching meal and they had big families to feed|I see, did you know that in Italy meatballs are served with egg-based baked pasta?||I have heard Italian writers often mock the dish as pseudo-Italian
A recipe for rigatoni with meatballs is in ''Il cucchiaio d'argento'' (''The Silver Spoon''), a comprehensive Italian cookbook known as the ''bible'' of Italian Cooking.|I have never heard that but I know its probably one of the most popular dishes today|I see, well another thing I know about rigatoni is that it is in a comprehensive Italian cookbook called "Bible" of Italian Cooking.|I think it is. I learned A recipe for rigatoni with meatballs is in ''Il cucchiaio d'argento''|Yeah. An interesting fact is that there is a rigatoni with mearballs recipe in the italian cookbook considered the Bible of the italian cuisine
Some baked pasta dishes from Apulia combine pasta and meat where meatballs, mortadella, or salami are baked with rigatoni, tomato sauce, and mozzarella, then covered with a pastry top.|Oh I love rigatoni and really anything with meatballs is a hit with my family|Oh, that's nice. Some baked pasta dishes from Apulia combine pasta and meat.|Some baked pasta dishes from Apulia combine pasta and meat where meatballs, mortadella, or salami are baked with rigatoni! it is sooooo good|Good to know that. Pasta and meat are combined by some Apulia baked pasta dishes, they also cover it with a top made of pastry
Rapping (or rhyming, spitting, emceeing, MCing) is a musical form of vocal delivery that incorporates ''rhyme, rhythmic speech, and street vernacular'', which is performed or chanted in a variety of ways, usually over a backbeat or musical accompaniment.|Do you like rap music? Meek Mill is my favorite rapper by far|I'm a bot, so I can't listen to music. I know that rap is a form of vocal delivery.|I do listen to rap on occassion. It is music that incorporates rhyme, speech, repetition.|As I am a bot I don't have preferences in music. But speaking of rap, do you like it performed over musical accompaniment or a backbeat ?
The components of rap include ''content'' (what is being said), ''flow'' (rhythm, rhyme), and ''delivery'' (cadence, tone).|I love musical accompaniment. Sometimes it is really catchy, other times it is impressive how techinical someone gets or how fast they rap|I see, did you know that the components of rap include content, flow, and delivery?||Yeah, the contents of rap include ''content'', ''flow'', and ''delivery''.
Rap differs from spoken-word poetry in that rap is usually performed in time to an instrumental track.|Yeah, all of those things make for some really great songs, it is my favorite genre|Yeah, it's different from poetry in that it is performed in time to an instrumental track.||Rap differes from poetry in that it is usually performed in time to an instrumental track.
Hip hop or hip-hop is a subculture and art movement developed in The Bronx in New York City during the late 1970s.|Yeah, but sometimes it burs the lines a bit, there is some really expressive stuff|Oh, yeah? It's a subculture and art movement that was developed in the late 1970s in New York City.|Yeah, a related music field is hip-hop, which developed in The Bronx during the 1970s.|I see, do you also like Hip Hop? It developed in New York during the 1970s
An acoustic guitar is a guitar that produces sound acoustically—by transmitting the vibration of the strings to the air—as opposed to relying on electronic amplification (see electric guitar).|I think acoustic guitar music is pretty.|Oh, that's nice. They produce sound acoustic by transmitting the vibration of the strings to the air.|An acoustic guitar is a guitar that produces sound acoustically|I see. Do you know the difference between an acoustic guitar's sound production versus those of an electric guitar?
An acoustic guitar is a guitar that produces sound acoustically—by transmitting the vibration of the strings to the air—as opposed to relying on electronic amplification (see electric guitar).|No, can you tell me the difference?|I can't say but an acoustic guitar produces sound acoustic by transmitting the vibration of the strings to the air.|It transmit the vibration of the strings to the air|Okay. So the difference is that acoustic guitars pass the vibrating string sounds to the air and does not depend on amplifications like those an electric uses.
The sound waves from the strings of an acoustic guitar resonate through the guitar's body, creating sound.|Oh I see. So it has no electric amplifications and uses the air.|Oh, that's nice. The sound waves from the strings of an acoustic guitar, creating sound.|I don't know. The sound waves from the strings of an acoustic guitar resonates through the body of the guitar|Exactly. In addition, the string's sound waves go through the guitar and makes the sound.
The string causes the soundboard and sound box to vibrate, and as these have their own resonances at certain frequencies, they amplify some string harmonics more strongly than others, hence affecting the timbre produced by the instrument.|Oh. Sounds a bit mixed but I suppose the information is just a lot. Can you tell me more?|Sure, the string causes the soundboard to vibrate.||Yes. The string causes the soundboard and sound box to vibrate
Betta is a large genus of small, often colorful, freshwater ray-finned fishes in the gourami family (Osphronemidae).|I'm very curious to know what type of fish is Betta|Betta is a large genus of freshwater ray-finned fishes in the gourami family.|It's a small, colorful freshwater fish. The best known is probably the Siamese fighting fish.|Let me tell you then. eta fish are small and often colorful ray-finned fishes founs in freshwater
This accounts for their ability to thrive in low-oxygen water conditions that would kill most other fish, such as rice paddies, slow-moving streams, drainage ditches, and large puddles.|What's the origin of the fish,Asia?|I'm not sure, but they can thrive in low-oxygen water conditions.|Probably, as they have adapted to be able to thrive in such conditions as rice paddies and slow moving streams.|I am not sure about that. But I know that hey can live in conditions that could kill other fish, like rice paddies, drainage ditches, and even large puddles
Bettas are anabantoids, which means they can breathe atmospheric air using a unique organ called the labyrinth.|Oh nice, I thought they were ornamental and stay in Acquariums|They are also anabantoids.|They are often in aquariums. And they've developed to be able to breathe atmospheric air! They use an organ unique to them called the labyrinth.|Yeah. Did you know that they can breath air form the atmosphere through a organ named the Labyrinth?
Fishkeepers use aquaria to keep fish, invertebrates, amphibians, aquatic reptiles such as turtles, and aquatic plants.|I had no idea. Thanks for enlightening me about Betta Fish|That's nice. Fishkeepers use aquaria to keep fish, invertebrates, amphibians, and other aquatic reptiles.|You're very welcome. Perhaps you could get an aquarium and put fish or turtles and aquatic plants into it!|You're welcome. another interesting information is that aquaria are used by fishkeepers to keep fish and also amphibians, invertebrates and even aquatic plants
Lizards range in size from chameleons and geckos a few centimeters long to the 3 meter long Komodo dragon.|I like lizards, we had an Iguana years ago, do you like them?|I can't eat, being a bot, but I know they can range in size from a few centimeters to a 3meter long Komodo dragon.|I love blue tail lizards.|I am a bot so I don't have preferences. But I know some facts about lizards. Did you know that they can range from a few centimeters in size to 3 meters long ?
Lizards range in size from chameleons and geckos a few centimeters long to the 3 meter long Komodo dragon.|I didn't know it got so big. What lizard is 3 meter long ?|I'm not sure, but they range in size from a few centimeters to a 3meter long Komodo dragon.|I do not think Las Vegas has the really long lizards.|Well, I know that the Komodo dragon is a lizard that is 3 meters long
Lizards range in size from chameleons and geckos a few centimeters long to the 3 meter long Komodo dragon.|Amazing. And what are the smaller ones ?|I'm not sure, but they range in size from a few centimeters to a 3meter long Komodo dragon.|Chameleons are nice but Komodos are really long, almost 8 feet.|I can tell you that chameleons and geckos are a few centimeters in size
Most lizards are quadrupedal, running with a strong side-to-side motion.|Very interesting. What else do you know ?|Well, I also know that most lizards are quadrupedal, and have a strong side-to-side motion.|What about those ones that run side ways?|Well, I also know that lizards are mostly quadrupedal and run sideways
Others are legless, and have long snake-like bodies.|I have seen those in the desert, they are actually kind of scary, they also stand up on 2 legs, like little demons running after you|I see, did you know that some are legless?|That would scare me and so would the legless ones.|I see, there are also the ones that have no legs, only a body that resembles one of a snake
Yoga (; Sanskrit, योगः Listen) is a group of physical, mental, and spiritual practices or disciplines which originated in ancient India.|Hey! I really like Yoga. What about you?|I'm a bot, so I can't do yoga. I know it's a group of physical, mental, and spiritual practices.|I like yoga due to the mental practices.|I am a bot so I don't have preferences over this subject. But I know information about Yoga, it consists of physical, spiritual and also emtnal practices
Among the most well-known types of yoga are Hatha yoga and Rāja yoga.|it does help clear the mind. Though the stretches are quite nice too.|I see, did you know Hatha and Ja yoga are among the most well-known types of yoga?|I prefer Hatha yoga.|I see. Do you know hatha yoga or Raja Yoga? They are among the types of yoga that are most well-known
Hatha yoga is a branch of yoga that emphasizes physical exercises to master the body along with mind as well as exercises to withdraw it from external objects.|Oh? What does Hatha specialize in?|Hatha yoga is a branch of yoga that emphasizes physical exercises to master the body along with mind.||It emphasizes in physical exercises.
The origins of yoga have been speculated to date back to pre-Vedic Indian traditions; it is mentioned in the Rigveda, but most likely developed around the sixth and fifth centuries BCE, in ancient India's ascetic and śramaṇa movements.|That's awesome. Does it have any unique poses?|I'm not sure, but it's believed to have developed around the 5th and 6th centuries BCE.||I am not sure but yoga goes all the way back to Vedic Indian traditions.
A drum kit — also called a drum set, trap set, or simply drums — is a collection of drums and other percussion instruments, typically cymbals, which are set up on stands to be played by a single player, with drumsticks held in both hands, and the feet operating pedals that control the hi-hat cymbal and the beater for the bass drum.|did you know about drum kit|Yes, drum kit is a collection of drums and other percussion instruments.||A drum kit is also called a drum set, which contains percussion instruments.
In the 2000s, some kits also include electronic instruments (Hornbostel-Sachs classification 53).|hmm......yes may be it can be also used for multi purposes|In the 2000s some kits also included electronic instruments.||Some drum kits included electronic instruments in the 2000s.
Also, both hybrid (mixing acoustic instruments and electronic drums) and entirely electronic kits are used.|yes ofcourse it has been used as electronic too|Yes, both hybrid and entirely electronic kits are used.||There are also hybrid kits and entirely electronic drum kits.
V-Drums is a variety of electronic drums, drum brain modules, and related electronic percussion product manufactured and trademarked by Roland Corporation.|oh i see it may be named as different.|I don't know about that but V-Drums is a variety of electronic drums, drum brain modules, and related electronic percussion products.||V-Drums are a type of electronic drums made by the Roland Corporation.
Newspapers can cover wide variety of fields such as politics, business, sport and art and often include materials such as opinion columns, weather forecasts, reviews of local services, obituaries, birth notices, crosswords, editorial cartoons, comic strips, and advice columns.|I am a staff writer for a local newspaper.|Interesting, do you have any information about them? They can cover a wide variety of fields, like politics, business, sport and art.||That must be interesting! What do you cover? Politics, business, sports, weather?
However, today most newspapers are also published on websites as online newspapers, and some have even abandoned their print versions entirely.|I mostly cover stories about local businesses.|Do you also publish newspapers on websites?||Do most of your stories appear on a website as on online newspaper or in traditional print?
Newspapers are typically published daily or weekly.|They actually appear in both, online and in print.|I see, do you also like newspapers published daily or weekly?||That's pretty neat! Is your newspaper published daily or weekly?
Newspapers developed in the 17th century, as information sheets for businessmen.|It's a weekly newspaper published in the Greater New Orleans area.|I see, did you know that newspapers developed in the 17th century?||I'll bet that's a fun job. It's hard to believe that newspapers have been around since the 17th century, isn't it?
By the early 19th century, many cities in Europe, as well as North and South America, published newspapers.|Yes it is. It must have been a lot of work to print them out.|I see, did you know that many cities in Europe published newspapers in the early 1900s?|I'll bet it was quite a task! North and South America didn't get into publishing newspapers until the 19th century.|Yeah, did you know that by the 19th century various cities in South and North America, as well as Europe, published newspapers?
Halloween or Hallowe'en (a contraction of All Hallows' Evening), also known as Allhalloween, All Hallows' Eve, or All Saints' Eve, is a celebration observed in a number of countries on 31 October, the eve of the Western Christian feast of All Hallows' Day.|Halloween is the best holiday ever!|Oh, Halloween! It's a celebration observed in a number of countries on the 31 October.||Halloween is a celebration observed in a number of countries on 31 October, the eve of the Western Christian feast of All Hallows' Day.
It begins the three-day observance of Allhallowtide, the time in the liturgical year dedicated to remembering the dead, including saints (hallows), martyrs, and all the faithful departed.|Yep, I love being able to dress up and watch scary movies.|Oh, that's nice. It's a three-day observance of Allhallowtide.||It begins the three-day observance of Allhallowtide, the time in the liturgical year dedicated to remembering the dead, including saints
It is widely believed that many Halloween traditions originated from ancient Celtic harvest festivals, particularly the Gaelic festival Samhain; that such festivals may have had pagan roots; and that Samhain itself was Christianized as Halloween by the early Church.|I never knew that! What culture is that celebrated in?|I'm not sure, but I know that some traditions originated from Celtic harvest festivals, particularly Gaelic festival Samhain.||Its widely believed that many Halloween traditions originated from ancient Celtic harvest festivals, particularly the Gaelic festival
Michael Myers is a fictional character from the ''Halloween'' series of slasher films.|That would make sense. What about the Halloween movies with Michael Myers? Do you like those?|I'm a bot, so I can't watch movies. I know that Michael Myers is a fictional character from the "Halloween" series of slasher films.|is a fictional character from the ''Halloween'' series of slasher films|As I am a bot I don't really have preferences. But speaking of Micheal Myers, do you like the slasher films he appears in ?
Some believe, however, that Halloween began solely as a Christian holiday, separate from ancient festivals like Samhain.|Yep, I love those movies. They're my favorites to watch on Halloween.|Oh, Halloween? Some believe it's a Christian holiday, but others believe it's a separate festival like Samhain.||Some believe, however, that Halloween began solely as a Christian holiday, separate from ancient festivals
In the RGB color model, used to create colors on television and computer screens, yellow is a secondary color made by combining red and green at equal intensity.|how do I eradicate the color yellow from existence?? i hate it!|I'm not sure, but I know that yellow is made by combining red and green at the same intensity.|yellow is so much a part of other colors, I am not sure you could totally eradicate it. It makes up so many other colors.|I am not sure if that is posible. But speaking of yellow, did you know that it is actually used to create other colors in the RGB model?
Ochre and orpiment pigments were used to represent gold and skin color in Egyptian tombs, then in the murals in Roman villas.|I had no idea about it. I wonder how yellow has been used throughout history|I'm not sure, but I know that they were used to represent gold and skin color in Egyptian tombs.|I read that yellow or gold was used on Egyptian tombs for skin color.|Well, I know that gold  and skin color was represented using orpiment and ochre pigments in Egyptian tombs
Because it was widely available, yellow ochre pigment was one of the first colors used in art; the Lascaux cave in France has a painting of a yellow horse 17,000 years old.|I knew yellow was creepy! I bet it represents all sorts of depressing stuff for cultures all over the world!|I'm not sure, but it was one of the first colors used in art.||I also read that it was used on a painting in a cave in France that is over 17000 years old!  It was the color of a horse!
In the early Christian church, yellow was the color associated with the Pope and the golden keys of the Kingdom, but was also associated with Judas Iscariot and was used to mark heretics.|alright well horses are cool. maybe yellow isn't so bad. who invented yellow?|I'm not sure, but it was associated with the Pope and the golden keys of the Kingdom.|I am not sure but ochre and orpiment pigments were used in Egyptian and Roman times.  The Pope used the color to represent goden keys of the Kingdom.|I am not sure about that, but I know that the pope was associated with the color yellow in early christian church
In the 20th century, Jews in Nazi-occupied Europe were forced to wear a yellow star.|well if the pope's into, I am too! what a heavenly color!|In the 20th century, Jews in Nazi-occupied Europe were forced to wear a yellow star.|Unfortunately, It was also used as the star on clothes to mark Jews by Hitler.|Yeah, another fact is that it was also force-used in Jews
The Ford Mustang is an American car manufactured by Ford.|Hi there! I have a Ford Mustang - what do you drive?|I'm a bot, so I can't drive. I know that Ford Mustangs are made by Ford.|Oooh the Mustang is an American car made by Ford, but I drive a Saturn Ion.|As a bot, I can't drive, but I do know that the Mustang is from an American car company. Do you like driving the Mustang?
As of 2006, the ION was the longest compact car sold in North America.|Yes, it's great. It drives much nicer than my Saturn ION.|That's nice. The ION was the longest compact car sold in North America.|It runs great, I have no problems with it. It's the longest compact car sold in North America!|Cool! Interestingly, the ION in 2006 was the longest of the compact cars in North America.
The Mustang has undergone several transformations to its current sixth generation.|Wow, I didn't know that. The performance on the Mustang is great but she drinks petrol|The Mustang has been around for a while.|Yeah that's unfortunate and it's had several transformations to its current sixth generation!|I see, but it has had several transformations over the years, and it now in its sixth generation!
Introduced early on April 17, 1964 (16 days after the Plymouth Barracuda), and thus dubbed as a ''1964½'' by Mustang fans, the 1965 Mustang was the automaker's most successful launch since the Model A.|Yeah - mine's an older model. I prefer the styling|Cool, did you know that the 1965 Mustang was the most successful automaker since the Model A?|A lot of people preferred it as well! It was introduced in 1964 and it was their most successful launch.|A lot of people preferred it as well! It was introduced in 1964 and it was their most successful launch after the model A!
The Mustang is also credited for inspiring the designs of coupés such as the Toyota Celica and Ford Capri, which were imported to the United States.|Yeah, the old classics are so beautiful. And so powerful!|Oh, that's nice. The Mustang inspires the Toyota Celica and the Ford Capri designs.||Toyota also copied the Mustang with the Celica!
Compulsive hoarding behavior has been associated with health risks, impaired functioning, economic burden, and adverse effects on friends and family members.|Some people would say I compulsively hoard things.  I have a lot of boxes that I can't let go of due to sentimental value or thinking I may need it.|Oh, that's too bad. Compulsive hoarding behavior has been associated with health risks, impaired functioning, and other things.|Be careful, compulsive hoarding can have serious health risks, economic burdens and can affect relationships|Well, does your behavior risk your health or adversely affect you or your family and friends?
When clinically significant enough to impair functioning, hoarding can prevent typical uses of space, enough so that it can limit activities such as cooking, cleaning, moving through the house, and sleeping.|I don't think so. I've gotten a little better about getting rid of things I don't absolutely need. I try to really consider if things are necessary.|I see, well, hoarding can prevent typical space use, enough to limit things like cooking, cleaning, and sleeping.|When hoarding gets bad enough, it can prevent normal daily functions like cooking, cleaning sleeping and moving through the house|OK, just so you know, hoarding can get bad enough to actually limit activities like cooking or cleaning, or even moving within the house because of all the space lost. Is that happening for you?
It can also put the individual and others at risk of fires, falling, poor sanitation, and other health concerns.|No, like I've said, I've gotten better about getting rid of things. For some people, though, it gets to the point where it's too much and if it starts to interfere with normal functioning, that's when it's time to admit the problem.|Yeah, and it can also put people at risk of falling, fires, and other health problems.||Yea and not to mention the risk of fires, failing and health concerns like poor sanitation. Yuck
Compulsive hoarders may be aware of their irrational behavior, but the emotional attachment to the hoarded objects far exceeds the motive to discard the items.|Those are also valid concerns.  I haven't gotten to that point thankfully.  I just get a sort of attachment to some things here and there.|Oh, that's nice. Compulsive hoarders may be aware of their irrational behavior, but the emotional attachment to the hoarded objects far exceeds the motive to discard the items.||Yea thats fair, some things just mean too much.  Sometimes the emotional attachment to the objects exceeds the motive to throw them out
Researchers have only recently begun to study hoarding, and it was first defined as a mental disorder in the 5th edition of the DSM in 2013.|Exactly.  Some things just have some kind of an emotional value to them, but it's important to know when to let go.|I'm not sure, but researchers have only recently begun to study hoarding.|Researchers have just started to study hoarding and it was listed as a mental disorder in 2013|That's true. Interestingly, hoarding wasn't officially considered a mental disorder until 2013.
Autograph is a famous person's artistic signature.|I have over 2000 autographs.|Oh, cool! Did you know that autograph is a famous person's signature?|Really? Well, I know I wouldn't mind some autographs from famous celebrities. That's cool!|I see. That means you collected many famous people's signatures.
The hobby of collecting autographs is known as philography.|Yeah, I wonder what this hobby is called?|The hobby of collecting autographs is called philography.|You are a philography, which is the name for someone that enjoys collecting autographs, as you apparently do!|The hobby would be known as philography, collecting autographs.
What might be considered the oldest ''autograph'' is a Sumerian clay table from about 3100 BC which includes the name of the scribe Gar.Ama.|Oh I see. I wonder what the oldest one is out there?|I'm not sure, but the Sumerian clay table dates back to 3100 BC.|I bet you would like to have the oldest 'autograph'. It's from 3100 BC and has the name of the scribe Gar.Ama.|The oldest "autograph" out there is on a Sumerian table made of clay. It is dated to around 3100 BC.
No ancient written autographs have been found, and the earliest one known for a major historical figure is that of El Cid from 1098.|That's really cool to learn. Is there anything else historical about them?|There are no ancient autographs, and the earliest one known for historical figures is from 1098.|The actual oldest know autograph is back from 1098, it was the historical figure of El Cid.|The earliest autograph for a famous figure is of El Cid in 1098.
Seattle () is a seaport city on the west coast of the United States.|Seattle is my favorite place to visit.|Oh, cool! Did you know that it's on the US' west coast?|It's one of my favorite sea port cities on the west coast as well!|Interesting. Did you know that the city has a seaport ?
In July 2013, it was the fastest-growing major city in the United States and remained in the Top 5 in May 2015 with an annual growth rate of 2.1%.|I did. What else can you tell me ?|Well, I also know that it was the US' fastest-growing major city in 2013.|We're not alone in our love for the city. Seattle was the fastest-growing major city in the US!|Well, I know that Seatlle was the major city that was growing the fastest in 2013
Arthur A. Denny and his group of travelers, subsequently known as the Denny Party, arrived from Illinois via Portland, Oregon, on the schooner ''Exact'' at Alki Point on November 13, 1851.|That's impressive. Do you know who Arthur A. Denny is ?|Yes, he and his group of travelers, later known as the Denny Party, arrived from Illinois via Portland, Oregon, on the schooner ''Exact'' at Alki Point on November 13, 1851.|Arthur A. Denny sure made a long trip to get there. He and his group of travelers arrived there via Portland, Oregon.|Let me see, I know that he and his group got there coming from Illinois through Portland
A major gateway for trade with Asia, Seattle is the fourth-largest port in North America in terms of container handling .|Yeah that is a long trip.|I see, did you know that Seattle is the fourth-largest port in North America?|I also love Seattle's large port! It's the fourth largest port in North America in terms of container handling, and is a major gateway for trade with Asia.|Yeah, did you know that Seattle is actually number four among the largests ports in North America ?
With an estimated 713,700 residents , Seattle is the largest city in both the state of Washington and the Pacific Northwest region of North America.|I had no clue. What about its population ?|It has about 713,700 residents.|Not only is the port one of the largest, but the city itself is the largest city in both the state of Washington AND the Pacific Northwest.|Well, seattle has about 713700 residents living there, making it the biggest city in Washington state
The Chevrolet Corvette, known colloquially as the Vette or Chevy Corvette, is a sports car manufactured by Chevrolet.|Chevy Corvettes a nice looking cars|Oh, nice. They are also known as the Vette or Chevy Corvette.|I love Chevrolet Corvette. I like calling it a Vette for short or just Chevy Corvette.|I agree. Did you know that they are also called Vette or Chevrolet Corvette ?
The first model, a convertible, was introduced at the GM Motorama in 1953 as a concept show car.|I knew that. Do you know when they originally came out?|I'm not sure, but the first model was introduced at the GM Motorama in 1953.||The Chevrolet Corvette first started as a concept car and was introduced at GM Motorama in 1953.
Three hundred hand-built polo white Corvette convertibles were produced for the 1953 model year.|IDK why but I thought it was earlier than that!  What made it distinctive at the time?|I'm not sure, but I know that there were 300 hand-built polo white Corvette convertibles that were made for the 1953 model year.|Well the 1953 Chevrolet Corvette was a convertible and was painted a distinctive polo white. Only three hundred were made of the 1953 model.|I am not sure about that. But I know that for 1953 only 300 Corvette convertibles were hand-built
Originally built in Flint, Michigan and St. Louis, Missouri, the Corvette is currently manufactured in Bowling Green, Kentucky and is the official sports car of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.|Wow, only three hundred?  No wonder they're collector's items now.|I'm not sure, but they were originally built in St. Louis, Missouri and Flint, Michigan.|They are currently manufacturing the modern Chevrolet Corvette in Bowling Green, Kentucky. It was originally Flint Michigan and St. Louis.|Yeah, They are currently manufacturing the Chevrolet Corvette in  Kentucky. It was originally Flint and St. Louis.
Underneath the chefs are the ''kitchen assistants''.|Hey, do you know anyone that is a Chef?|I don't, but I know that underneath the chefs are the "kitchen assistants".|Underneath the chefs are the kitchen assistants. I know a few. Do you?|No. But I know that Kitchen assistants are underneath chefs
It is located in San Francisco, California.|Yea.  I have two friends who went to culinary school.|Oh, cool! Did you know it's located in San Francisco, California?||The California Culinary Academy is located in San Francisco, CA. Where did your friends go?
Unfortunately in 1999, the California Culinary Academy was sold.|I am not sure.  But that place sounds very fancy.  Have some great chefs gone there?|I'm not sure, but the California Culinary Academy was sold in 1999.||Unfortunately, in 1999, the California Culinary Academy was sold.
The Academy was established in January 2002 and is located in Orlando, Florida.|That is unfortunate.  I bet there are still great ones out in California though.|I'm not sure, but the Academy was established in 2002.||The Orlando Culinary Academy was establish in Jan 2002 and is located in Orlando, FL.
Social anxiety can be defined as nervousness in social situations.|Have you ever dealt with social anxiety or know someone who has?|I have not but I know that it can be defined as nervousness in social situations.|Yes, I have experienced social anxiety which is nervousness in social situations.|No, as a bot I don't have emotions.  I know that it's a state of being nervous in social situations though.
Some sufferers may use alcohol or other drugs to reduce fears and inhibitions at social events.|How do you handle it, is there medication or therapy?|I'm not sure, but some people use alcohol to reduce inhibitions and fears at social events.|I don't take medication but I often find that alcohol helps lessen anxiety. That is why it is known as a social lubricant.|I'm not sure about medication or therapy.  Apparently some people that suffer with it use drugs or alcohol, to be less fearful and inhibited in a social environment.
These fears can be triggered by perceived or actual scrutiny from others.|That seems like it could be dangerous in some situations, such as going to the grocery store or other errands that involve driving.|That's too bad. Do you feel the fear of driving? It can be triggered by perceived scrutiny from others.|I do not suffer anxiety in that situation. Only when I am at a social event such as a wedding reception or party where I perceive scrutiny from others.|Perhaps so!  The fears of social anxiety can get triggered when someone feels scrutinized by others.  This could be real or perceived!
Physical symptoms often include excessive blushing, excess sweating, trembling, palpitations, and nausea.|Hmm interesting.  Are there physical symtoms?|I'm not sure, but physical symptoms can be excessive sweating, excessive blushing, trembling, and nausea.|Yes, I believe some people have a fear of being in public. Social anxiety can cause sweating, trembling and nausea.|Absolutely!  Some of them include excess sweating, trembling, nausea, palpitations and excessive blushing.
Beauty pageants are generally multi-tiered, with local competitions feeding into the larger competitions.|Have you ever seen those beauty pageant reality shows? I was actually a pageant winner but I wish I could go back and never take part.|No, I'm a bot and can't watch TV. I know that they are usually multi-tiered, and local competitions feed into larger ones.||Wow congratulations!  I've never seen any but know they are multi-tiered with local competitions feeding into larger ones
The term almost invariably refers only to contests for unmarried women such as the Big Four international beauty pageants. Similar events or competition for men or boys being called by other names and more likely to be bodybuilding contests.|Really? Like going from state to nationals? I'm not really sure I'm familiar with that form, there would be local and organizational pageants but I never took part of anything bigger than that.|I'm not sure, but the term is usually used to refer to unmarried women, like the Big Four beauty pageants.||well the term refers to contests for UNmarried women, like the Big Four International pageans.  Similar evens for men and boys are typically bodybuilding contests
An individual who engages in this activity is referred to as a bodybuilder.|I've never heard of this! Does that mean ms. universe is unmarried? Do the men in their contests have to be unmarried as well?|I'm not sure, but I know that a bodybuilder is the person who engages in this activity.||Well any individual engaging in bodybuilding is referred to as a bodybuilder, doesn't specify if they are single.
It began in the late 1970s when women began to take part in bodybuilding competitions.|Oh, so can women can take part of those contests too?|I'm not sure, but it began in the late 1970s when women began to take part in bodybuilding competitions.||Yes!  It began in the late 1970s when women began to enter bodybuilding competitions.
Child beauty pageants mainly focus on beauty, gowns, sportswear modelling, talent, and personal interviews.|That's fascinating, I'm glad it's not exclusive to men. But I think it'd be interesting if we opened up beauty pageants to men as well. Fair's fair after all.|I see, well they focus on gowns, sportswear modelling, talent and interviews.|I agree!  There's also child beauty pageants that focus on beauty, gowns, sportswear, modeling, talent and personal interviews.|Interesting thoughts! There are also beauty pageants for children, which can focus on things like beauty, talent, and interviews.
Glasses, also known as eyeglasses or spectacles, are devices consisting of glass or hard plastic lenses mounted in a frame that holds them in front of a person's eyes, typically using a bridge over the nose and arms which rest over the ears.|I wear glasses, I have worn them my whole life.|Oh, cool! Do you use a bridge over your nose?|Glasses are devices with glass in a frame that people use to see|I see, what kind of frames do your glasses have?
Glasses are typically used for vision correction, such as with reading glasses and glasses used for nearsightedness.|My glasses have wooden frames. They are very modern.|Oh, nice. Do you use glasses for vision correction?||Yes glasses are used for vision correction
Safety glasses provide eye protection against flying debris for construction workers or lab technicians; these glasses may have protection for the sides of the eyes as well as in the lenses.|Yes, my vision is very bad. I am basically blind as a bat.|Oh, that's nice. Safety glasses can also protect the sides of the eyes.|Safety glasses are used to protect the eye|That's interesting. Do you also need safety glasses to protect your eyes from debris?
Glasses are worn for eye protection in some sports, such as squash.|No, I don't do things that require that. I have used special glasses for sports before, though.|Oh, that's nice. Some sports wear glasses for protection.|Safetly glasses are sometimes worn during sports|Yes, squash is one sport where people need eye protection.
Paris, the capital of France, has an annual 30 million foreign visitors, and so is one of the most visited cities in the world.|I'm planning to do my honey moon in paris tell me where to go|I'm not sure, but Paris is one of the most visited cities in the world.|OK,the capital of France, has an annual 30 million foreign visitors, and so is one of the most visited cities in the world,is paris|OK, but as France's capital it's one of the world's most visited cities. What do you like to do?
France (), officially the French Republic (, ), is a country whose territory consists of metropolitan France in western Europe, as well as several overseas regions and territories.|Actually, forget the honeymoon for now. I'd like to learn more about the city. When was it founded?|I'm not sure, but it's a country that's based in western Europe.|Paris ,is a city in France,officially the French Republic (, ), is a country whose territory consists of metropolitan France in western Europe, as well as several overseas regions and territories.|I don't know at the moment, but France, besides the country in Europe, has several regions overseas. What else would you like to know?
Paris' sights include monuments and architecture, such as its Arc de Triomphe, Eiffel Tower and neo-classic Haussmannian boulevards and buildings as well as museums, operas and concert halls.|What does the city depend on for it's commerce, tourism?|I'm not sure, but I know that it has a lot of sights like the Arc de Triomphe, the Eiffel Tower, and other neo-classic Haussmannian boulevards and buildings.|Paris' sights include monuments and architecture, such as its Arc de Triomphe, Eiffel Tower and neo-classic Haussmannian|I don't know, exactly, but as for tourism, there are many sites to see, like the Arc d Triomphe and the Eiffel Tower, plus museums and concert halls.
Paris' sights include monuments and architecture, such as its Arc de Triomphe, Eiffel Tower and neo-classic Haussmannian boulevards and buildings as well as museums, operas and concert halls.|Thanks for enlightening me about paris|Nice, did you know that Paris has many sights like the Arc de Triomphe, the Eiffel Tower, and other neo-classic Haussmannian boulevards?|Moreso,there are also boulevards and buildings as well as museums, operas and concert halls|You're welcome! Some more tourist locations include the Haussmannian boulevards and their buildings.
It is used in many Mediterranean, Balkan, and Middle Eastern cuisines, and resembles other slightly leavened flatbreads such as Iranian ''nan-e barbari'', Central and South Asian flatbreads (such as ''naan''), and pizza crust.|Pita bread is some of the best bread out there.|I see, well it's used in many Mediterranean, Balkan, and Middle Eastern cuisines.||It really is! t is used in many Mediterranean, Balkan, and Middle Eastern cuisines
Pita ( or ) in Greek, sometimes spelled Pitta (mainly UK), also known as Arabic bread, Lebanese bread, or Syrian bread, is a soft, slightly leavened flatbread baked from wheat flour, which originated in Western Asia, most probably Mesopotamia around 2500 BC.|How long has it been around for?|It originated in Western Asia around 2500 BC.|Pita dates all the way back to 2500 BC! its pretty old!|Well, I know that it might have originated in Mesopotamia in approximately 2500 BC
The first known mention of the word in English was in 1936.|wow that long ago? Wouldve never thought it to be so old.|I'm not sure, but the first known mention of the word in English was in 1936.||Yeah! The first mention of the word in English however only dates back to the 30's
The English word is borrowed from Modern Greek πίτα, in turn from the Byzantine Greek πίτα ''bread, cake, pie, pitta'' (attested in 1108) and possibly from the Ancient Greek πίττα or πίσσα ''pitch/resin'' (for the gloss), or Ancient Greek πικτή (''pikte''), ''fermented pastry,'' which may have passed to Latin as ''picta'' cf.|Dang thats not too long ago.|The English word is borrowed from Modern Greek, in turn from the Byzantine Greek  ''bread, cake, pie, pitta''||The English word is borrowed from Modern Greek πίτα. And a rough translation for that is bread cake! pretty interesting huh?
Heat transfer when using a grill pan or griddle is by direct conduction.|I love to grill out.|Cool, do you use a grill pan or griddle?|Me too! I always use the best grills that offer the highest Heat transfer when using a grill pan, I buy the ones that use direct conduction. Do you have a favorite grill brand?|Interesting. Did you know that when you use a grill pan the heat transfers by direct conduction?
Direct heat grilling can expose food to temperatures often in excess of .|I had no clue. Please tell me more.|Well, direct heat grilling can expose food to temperatures that are often over a tenth of a million degrees.|Me too. especially the direct heat grills, Those can expose food to temperatures often in excess of 300 degrees which cooks the food faster..|Well, I also know that heat grilling when done directly may expose food to an excess of temperatures
The Maillard reaction only occurs when foods reach temperatures in excess of .|Interesting! anything else about grilling I should know?|Well, I know that the Maillard reaction occurs only when foods reach temperatures that exceed 0 degrees Celsius.|There is this thing called the the Maillard reaction that only occurs when foods reach temperatures in excess of 250 degrees. Its what gives food the special grill taste.|Let me see. Have you ever heard of the Maillard reaction? It only happens when the food reaches an excess in temperature
Grilled meat acquires a distinctive roast aroma and flavor from a chemical process called the Maillard reaction.|wow amazing! that is why it taste so good! Thanks for the info.|That's nice. It's a distinctive roast aroma from a chemical process called the Maillard reaction.||No problem, also know that grilled meat acquires that distinctive grilled roast aroma and flavor from the Maillard reaction as well.
Weight training is a common type of strength training for developing the strength and size of skeletal muscles.|My doctor recently suggested that I try weight training, but I'm not sure where to start! Do you know anything about lifting weights?|Yes, weight training is a type of strength training for developing the strength and size of skeletal muscles.||It's a type of strength training for developing the strength and size of muscles. Why does your doctor want you to start weight training?
Strength training is an inclusive term that describes all exercises devoted toward increasing physical strength.|I guess he thinks it be a good addition to the cardio that I regularly do. What are some of the health benefits of weight training?|I'm not sure, but I know that strength training is a term that describes all exercises devoted to increasing strength.||It increases your physical strength.
It utilizes the force of gravity in the form of weighted bars, dumbbells or weight stacks in order to oppose the force generated by muscle through concentric or eccentric contraction.|Well, I guess that would be good! Do you know any exercises or equipment for a beginner?|I do not, but I know that gravity forces are used in bars, dumbbells, and weight stacks.|Weighted bars, dumbbells, and weight stacks are  good equipment for beginners.|Well, I know that weighted bars, weight stacks or dumbbells are used as a form to provide force of gravity
Sports where strength training is central are bodybuilding, weightlifting, powerlifting, and strongman, highland games, shot put, discus throw, and javelin throw.|Great, thanks. What else should I know before I get started?|Well, I know that sports where strength training is central are bodybuilding, weightlifting, powerlifting, and strongman.||There are many sports where strength training is central, such as bodybuilding, powerlifting, highland games, and discus and javelin throw.
Vegetarianism has its roots in the civilizations of ancient India and ancient Greece.|I'm vegetarian and I feel that being vegetarian has gotten more and more common over my lifetime so far|Oh, that's nice. Vegetarianism has roots in ancient India and Greece.||Vegetarianism has its roots in the civilizations of ancient India and Greece
In both instances the diet was closely connected with the idea of nonviolence toward animals (called ''ahimsa'' in India), and was promoted by religious groups and philosophers.|I knew about ancient India - that's how my family came into the practice. But I didn't know that ancient Greek people were vegetarian too! I guess they have a good climate for fruits and vegetables and grains to grow.|I see, did you know that the diet was connected to the idea of nonviolence toward animals?||In both instances the diet was closely connected with the idea of nonviolence toward animals
If well-planned and fortified to balance their deficiencies, vegetarian and vegan diets can become nutritionally adequate and can be appropriate for all stages of the life cycle, including during pregnancy, lactation, infancy, childhood, and adolescence.|Wow, that is interesting. I know many vegetarians nowadays who eat a lot of junk food, but I think the best approach is to eat healthy proteins, grains, and vegetables like the ancient people would have.|I see, well if they are well-planned and fortified to balance their deficiencies, they can become nutritionally adequate.||If well-planned and fortified to balance their deficiencies, vegetarian and vegan diets can become nutritionally adequate
Biotin deficiency can be caused by inadequate dietary intake or inheritance of one or more inborn genetic disorders that affect biotin metabolism.|Exactly. It's all about watching your protein and calcium intake, getting dietary iron and biotin or taking a supplement if needed, and avoiding high-sodium or high-sugar foods.|I see, did you know that biotin deficiency can be caused by a lack of dietary intake?||Biotin deficiency can be caused by inadequate dietary intake or inheritance of one or more inborn genetic disorders
A phonograph record (also known as a gramophone record, especially in British English, or record) is an analog sound storage medium in the form of a flat disc with an inscribed, modulated spiral groove.|I like vinyl records more known as a Phonograph record.|Oh, that's nice. Do you like phonograph records? They're an analog storage medium.|Hi , it is a known as a gramophone record|That's nice. Did you know that they are also known as record or gramophone record?
At first, the discs were commonly made from shellac; starting in the 1950s polyvinyl chloride became common.|Thats right, thats another term for it. Its an analog sound storage medium.|I see, did you know that discs were made from shellac?|Yes its a flat disc were commonly made from shellac in 1950s|Yeah, and the discs were common to be made from shellac
Shellac was once used in electrical applications as it possesses good insulation qualities and it seals out moisture.|What is shellac? I've never heard of it.|It was once used in electrical applications.||shellac was once used in electrical applications
Shellac is a resin secreted by the female lac bug, on trees in the forests of India and Thailand.|Does it come from a tree. The vinyl's seem more of a plastic than anything so I assume it must be some sort of rubber.|I'm not sure, but Shellac is secreted by the female lac bug.||No its a resin secreted by the female lac bug, on trees in the forests in india and thailand
PVC comes in two basic forms: rigid (sometimes abbreviated as RPVC) and flexible.|Wow that is amazing how someone had the notion of creating vinyl's from a bug. Polyvinyl chloride became more common though in the 1950's.|I see, did you know that PVC comes in two basic forms? Flexible and rigid.||Yes PVC is two basic forms:rigid and flexiable
Skunks are mammals in the family Mephitidae.|Skunks are such repulsive animals.|I see, did you know they are mammals in the family Mephitidae?|They certainly are.  They are mammals from the Mephitidae family.|I see. I know that they are from a mammal family called Mephitidae.
Different species of skunk vary in appearance from black-and-white to brown, cream or ginger colored, but all have warning coloration.|Wow that's really interesting. I've never even seen one before.|I see, did you know that skunks can be black-and-white or brown?||Skunk typically are black and white or a variation of brown, cream and ginger.  All of them have warning coloration.
The animals are known for their ability to spray a liquid with a strong unpleasant smell.|I've only seen the generic black and white ones.|They are known for spraying a liquid with a strong unpleasant smell.|Like in popular culture, they are known for the foul smell they produce.|Well, all of them spray a liquid that smells bad. Have you ever smelled it?
All skunks are striped, even from birth.|Oh yes that is what they are so infamous for.|I see, did you know that they are striped even from birth?|When skunks are born they have that infamous stripe that is known in their appearance.  You will never mistake one for something else.|Another fun fact is that skunks are actually born with their stripes.
In some places, this employee is known as a cashier or customer representative.|bank tellers seem like they dont care for their job|I see, did you know that some places they are called customer representatives?|I like to go to banks directly and deal with the bank teller or customer representative.|Well, I know that they thye are known as cashier in some places
Most teller jobs require experience with handling cash and a high school diploma.|oh yea? makes sense.|I'm not sure, but most teller jobs require experience with handling cash.||Bank tellers have to at least acquire a high school diploma and have experience with cash.
Being front line staff they are most likely to detect and stop fraudulent transactions in order to prevent losses at a bank (counterfeit currency and checks, identity theft, confidence tricks, etc.).|oh so not much requirements to it|They are most likely to detect and stop fraudulent transactions.||They do have to be able to stop and detect any signs of fraud from customers.
Of these, 1 out of 4 worked part-time.|oh that seems like an ocular pat down|One out of four worked part-time.|It's a lot of requirements for a part-time position which is usually 1 out of 4 workers.|Yeah, and 1 out of every 4 of them worked part-time
The position also requires tellers to be friendly and interact with the customers, providing them with information about customers' accounts and bank services.|oh well thanks for the info|The position requires tellers to be friendly and interact with the customers.|Bank tellers do require a lot of friendly interactions, a skill many people should learn.|You're welcome. another fact is that bank tellers also have to be friendly to customers and also interact with them
Instruments include graphite pencils, pen and ink, inked brushes, wax colored pencils, crayons, charcoal, chalk, pastels, various kinds of erasers, markers, styluses, various metals (such as silverpoint) and electronic drawing.|Do you like drawing? I find it to be relaxing personally|I'm a bot, so I can't draw. I know of various instruments like pen and ink, pencils, pencils, charcoal, and electronic drawing.|Yes, I love drawing! I use mostly a pen and colored pencils my self.|As I am a bot that is not applicable to me. But I can speak about it. Did you know that graphite pencils, crayons, chalk, pastels, markers , pen and ink and many others are instruments included ?
A marker pen, fineliner, marking pen, felt-tip marker, felt-tip pen, flow, marker or texta (in Australia) or sketch pen (in India), is a pen which has its own ink-source, and a tip made of porous, pressed fibers such as felt.|I heard of some of those before. I like to use pencils|Interesting, did you know that a pencil has its own ink-source?|I've not used marker pens much. But, I've always wanted to try sketch pens.|Interesting. Have you ever used a marker pen? It can calso be called marking pen or fineliner. It is a pan with its own source of ink.
A permanent marker consists of a container (glass, aluminum or plastic) and a core of an absorbent material.|I have never heard of those. Do you know what is  permanent marker?|I do not, but I know that permanent markers are plastic, glass, aluminum, and a core of an absorbent material.|There just a special type of marker pen that is designed for drawing, and not just writing.|Yes I do. This type of marker is a container with a core of absorbent material.
The wide availability of drawing instruments makes drawing one of the most common artistic activities.|Oh okay, I will need to check that out then, that sounds perfect to use to draw|That's nice. Drawing instruments are very large, making it one of the most common artistic activities.|There is such a wide availability of drawing tools. Its amazing how each artist uses them differently.|Yeah, the instruments used to draw are so widely available that it makes drawing is very common
Paint is typically stored, sold, and applied as a liquid, but most types dry into a solid.|I like paint as well, but I have never been good witht them, they are so vibrant|Cool, do you use it as a liquid?|I feel like its hard to keep a lot of colors stored in paint. You have to have something hold all those bottles of liquid.|I agree. Pain actually is sold, stored and applied as liquid altough most of them dry and become a solid
It can also be topped with additional vegetables, meats, and condiments, and can be made without cheese.|Hey, you like pizza too?|I'm a bot, so I can't eat pizza. I know it can be topped with vegetables, meats, and condiments.|I love pizza!  I like vegetablesand meats on it!|As I am a bot I don't have preferences over food. But I know some facts about pizza. Did you know that it can be made with no cheese?
It is a subsidiary of Yum!|I love pizza without cheese. I like to go to pizza hut|Oh, cool! Yum! Yum!|I support Pizza Hut because Yum! headquarters are near me, but I like local joints.  You?|Good, I know that pizza Hit is a Yum Subsidiary
Pizza delivery is common in some parts of the world.|Good to know that. I always go to restaurants to eat pizza|That's nice. Pizza delivery is common around the world.|Dominos is here in my hometown.  They are known for their pizza delivery, but not so much good taste.|That's interesting. Do you also order pizza delivery? That is a common practice in some places
Pizza is sold fresh or frozen, either whole or in portions.|I would love to try Pizza Hut but there's none where I live :(. What meat and vegetable do you like on your pizza?|I don't have any preferences, being a bot. I do know that pizza can be sold fresh or frozen.|For frozen pizzas I like sausage and pepperoni.  For fresh pizzas, I like ALL veggies and meats.  We call that a supreme pizza.|As I am a bot I don't have preferences or pizza. Do you like to buy frozen or fresh pizza?
The Gibson Les Paul is a solid body electric guitar that was first sold by the Gibson Guitar Corporation in 1952.|I love playing my guitar. I have a Gibson Les Paul.|Oh, nice. Did you know the Gibson Les Paul was first sold in 1952?|That's awesome! It's a very prestigious line of guitars, first sold in 1952! Plenty of famous people have Gibson Les Paul's.|Oh really? Did you know the first one was sold in 1952 or that it is electric and has a solid body?
The Les Paul has been continually produced in countless versions and editions since.|I did not know they started making Gibson les Paul's that long ago. They make quality guitars.|They've been making guitars in countless versions and editions.|Indeed, the Les Paul has been continually produced in countless versions and editions since its release, so there is lots of variety in that time span!|Yeah, after that year they have been produced in many different models and editions.
The Les Paul was designed by Gibson president Ted McCarty, factory manager John Huis and their team, along with guitarist/inventor Les Paul.|Do you know where the make the Les Paul guitars?|I'm not sure, but the guitar was designed by Ted McCarty, a factory manager, and the team of Les Paul.||I'm unsure of where, but I do know that it was designed by Ted McCarthy, factory manager John Huis and their team, along with the guitarist Les Paul.
He was one of the pioneers of the solid-body electric guitar.|That is interesting. Did Les Paul play in a famous band?|I'm not sure, but he was one of the pioneers of the solid-body electric guitar.|Not in a band but he did make music himself! He was known for jazz and popular music, he's considered the pioneer of the solid-body electric guitar.|I don't know if he was in a famous band. He is a pioneer of electric guitars with solid bodies though.
Although he was not the first to use the technique, his early experiments with overdubbing (also known as sound on sound), delay effects such as tape delay, phasing effects and multitrack recording were among the first to attract widespread attention.|Oh I see. What else is he known for if any?|He was not the first to use the technique, but his early experiments with overdubbing (also known as sound on sound), delay effects such as tape delay, phasing effects and multitrack recording were among the first to attract widespread attention.|You should! He experimented with various types of music and had some unique sounds for his time.|Well have you heard of overdubbing or know about delay effects? While he wasn't the inventor of those, he was among the earliest to gain attention for those techniques.
Many countries have defined a minimum swimming level that children should reach by the end of primary education, in most cases with the help of school swimming classes being part of the normal curriculum.|I just signed up for swimming lessons!  I've always wanted to learn how to swim!|Nice! Many countries have defined a minimum swimming level that children should reach by the end of primary education.|Awesome! Different countries have different regulations of what qualifies a student to pass the lessons. Some have lessons as part of the curriculum.|Awesome. A lot of countries require the children to have a minimun level of swimming by the ending of their primary education
Children are often given swimming lessons, which serve to develop swimming technique and confidence.|Interesting!  Do you know some swimming techniques, like the back stroke?|I do not, but I know that swimming lessons are often given to children.|There's backstroke and butterfly, most children learn starting with freestyle. Starting lessons early can help their confidence.|I don't have much information about those. But I know that kids can develop confidence through swimming lessons
Children were traditionally viewed not to be able to swim independently until 4 years of age, but infant swimming lessons are now recommended to prevent drowning.|I had no Idea. What else do you know?|Well, I also know that infant swimming lessons are now recommended to prevent drowning.|That is one of the things your lessons will go over. They will help prevent drowning while under the watch of your teacher.|Well, I also know that kids are viewed as not able to swim alone until 4 years old
Babies aren't old enough to hold their breath intentionally or strong enough to keep their head above water.|I see. So babies can't swim?|I'm not sure, but babies aren't old enough to hold their breath intentionally or strong enough to keep their head above water.|I'm sure as long as you are not an infant you will manage. Infants are usually too small to hold their breath.|What I know is that babies can't hold their heads above the water or hold their breath on purpose
In addition to these individual events, four swimmers can take part in either a freestyle or medley relay.|Good to know. I would love to participate in a relay|Nice, do you also like to participate in a medley or freestyle relay?|If you practice the different styles of swim you can partake in either freestyle or a medley relay.|Interesting. Swimmers can participate in either a medley relay or freestyle
Camping is an outdoor activity involving overnight stays away from home in a shelter, such as a tent.|Ive really wanted to go camping for the first time but I have no clue what to do or what to bring, do you know anything about camping?|I know that camping involves overnight stays away from home in a tent.||Yes I know a thing or two. It an outdoor activity usually involving an overnight stay away from home. Are you prepared for this?
Survivalist campers set off with as little as possible to get by, whereas recreational vehicle travelers arrive equipped with their own electricity, heat, and patio furniture.|I hope so, What kind of supplies do people usually have to bring when going camping?|I'm not sure, but survivalist campers set off with as little as possible to get by.||Well, that depends. Survivalist campers just bring essentials whilst recreational campers sometimes bring their own power and furniture.
Generally participants leave developed areas to spend time outdoors in more natural ones in pursuit of activities providing them enjoyment.|Oh ok, Well I guess ill bring a bit of both, I like comfort and stuff to survive, What is the best time of year to go camping anyways?|I'm not sure, but I know that participants leave developed areas to spend time outdoors.|Generally participants leave developed areas to camp in the Fall or Spring when its cooler.|Hmm, I don't know.  I do know that campers pursue enjoyable activities outdoors, in natural areas.  They leave developed areas behind!
Camping is a key part of many youth organizations around the world, such as Scouting, which use it to teach both self-reliance and teamwork.|Yeah that makes sense, I guess ill go when it starts to cool down in or around September, Any other camping facts that I need to know?|Camping is a key part of many youth organizations around the world, such as Scouting.|I would recommend you go with a friend or youth organizations. It can be dangerous to go alone.|Well you might be interested to know that all around the world, organizations like Scouting utilize camping as a key activity.
Camping is a key part of many youth organizations around the world, such as Scouting, which use it to teach both self-reliance and teamwork.|They do? I wonder why that is?|I'm not sure, but camping is a key part of many youth organizations around the world, such as Scouting.||Yep camping will teach you both about self-reliance and teamwork.
Dr Pepper is a carbonated soft drink marketed as having a unique flavor.|i love dr pepper|Cool, do you like it with a unique flavor?|Oh same, it's my favorite Dr Pepper is a carbonated soft drink|Interesting, do you think it has a unique flavor as it is marketed?
7 Up (stylized as 7up outside the U.S.) is a brand of lemon-lime flavored, non-caffeinated soft drink.|Yep, It is a very good soda.|Ah, that's a non-caffeinated soft drink.|Oh yeah, I also like 7-Up,5 a brand of lemon-lime flavor|Yeah. Do you also like 7 up? It is a lemon-lime soft drink brand
The drink was created in the 1880s by pharmacist Charles Alderton in Waco, Texas and first served around 1885.|oh yea thats great too|It was created by Charles Alderton in Waco, Texas.|But, Dr Pepper was created in 1880s by a pharmacist. Isn't that wild?|Yes. Did you know that Charles Alderton, a pharmacist, created the drink in the 1880s?
Dr Pepper was first nationally marketed in the United States in 1904, and is now also sold in Europe, Asia, Canada, Mexico, Australia, and South America, as well as New Zealand and South Africa as an imported good.|yea wow it is so old|Yes, it was first marketed in the US in 1904.|Oh yeah, and it didn't make it into the US until it was first nationally marketed in the United States in 1904|I agree. And it was only nationally marketed in America for the first time in 1904
Dr Pepper was first nationally marketed in the United States in 1904, and is now also sold in Europe, Asia, Canada, Mexico, Australia, and South America, as well as New Zealand and South Africa as an imported good.|thats super crazy|I see, did you know that Dr Pepper was first marketed in the US in 1904?||Yeah, but now it's also sold in Europe, Asia, Canada, Mexico, Australia, and South America
Vietnamese Pot-bellied is the exonym for the Lon I () or I pig, an endangered traditional Vietnamese breed of small domestic pig.|I live on a farm and we actually grow Vietnamese pot-bellied pigs.|Ah, that's an endangered small domestic pig breed.||Interesting, I think they are a traditional Vietnamese breed of small domestic pig,rright?
The I is uniformly black and has short legs and a low-hanging belly, from which the name derives; in pregnant sows, the belly may drag on the ground.|yes they are. they are all under 100 pounds full grown. i have some that are around 25 pounds full grown.|Oh, that's nice. Did you know that the I is black? It has short legs and a low-hanging belly.||As I've read they are black and has short legs and a low hanging belly, that give them their name. Are yours like that?
It is slow-growing, but the meat has good flavour.|yes they are, i even have some that are white with black legs|Oh, nice. Did you know that the meat is slow-growing?||And do you breed them for their meat? I've heard it has a good flavor.
It is thought to have originated in Nam Định province of Vietnam, in the Red River Delta.|yes i do. We also sell them as house pets.|That's interesting. Did you know they're thought to have originated in Vietnam?||I think they originated in Nam Dinh province of Vietnam.
The I is uniformly black and has short legs and a low-hanging belly, from which the name derives; in pregnant sows, the belly may drag on the ground.|Im not sure. but they sure do have their own personalities. they are very playful|I see, did you know that the I is black and has a low-hanging belly?|And they must look funny, with a belly that I believe in some cases may drag on the ground.|And do yours have low bellies that drag when they walk?
After playing minor roles in the television series ''Doc'' and the film ''Big Fish'' in her childhood, she became a teen idol starring as the character Miley Stewart in the Disney Channel television series ''Hannah Montana'' in 2006.|Miley Cyrus has made quite a stir in the social media after acute transformation from her role as Hannah Montana|I see, did you know she played in the TV series Doc and Big Fish?|Yes she definetely has made quite the stir.  As i recall her name was miley Stewart on that show and it's to bad she was not the teen idol she could have been.|Yeah. did you know that before starring on Hanna Montana she played small roles in "Doc" and "Big Fish"?
Her sexually explicit behavior generated widespread controversy while promoting her fourth album ''Bangerz'' (2013), her first under her recording contract with RCA Records.|I had no clue. I don't like her new behavior|I see, did you know she promoted her fourth album, "Bangerz" in 2013?|It is sad that Miley and other actors feel that have to use sexually explicit behavior to get the attention of higher up executives in the fields and move their careers up|I see. She had a behavior that was sexually explcit and promoted her album Bangerz, which was the first under RCA Records
Her father Billy Ray Cyrus also starred in the show.|Indeed. I think it has become a normal thing in Hollywood to cause a stir in the form of controversy to make your way up|I don't have that information here right now, but I know her father Billy Ray Cyrus starred on the show.|It's to bad her father Billy Ray couldn't have had more of an influence on her b/c they always seemed like they were close|I understand. DId you know that BIlli Ray Cyrus, her father, was also in the show?
Cyrus focused on her acting career with several television and film appearances in 2011 and 2012.|I did'nt know he was her father. She made a lot of films|I don't know about that but she focused on acting in 2011 and 2012, though.|That would be great!  Maybe as she gets older she will focus more on her acting career as an adult an do things that are more suited to an image that reflects that.|I know that she appeared in TV and films several times in 2011 and also 2012
It is usually used to refer to a situation where a person's livelihood depends on wages or a salary, especially when the dependence is total and immediate.|I used to be a wage slave, living from paycheck to paycheck. However I now thankfully have enough money to live a modest but pleasant life.|That's nice. Do you know about wage slaves? They usually refer to situations where their livelihood depends on their wages or salary.|My livelihood depended on wages in the past., but i'm retired now so I don't worry about it.|That's good, I know people use the term when they need the paycheck immediately and don't have anything left.
in sweatshops), and the latter as a lack of workers' self-management, fulfilling job choices, and leisure in an economy.|Today I feel so sorry for many people, who can't make ends meet and who have to work 2+ jobs just to get through the week.|I see, did you know sweatshops are also used for lack of self-management, fulfilling job choices, and leisure in an economy?|I know, especially people who work in sweatshops. They have no choice because of the lack of fulfilling jobs.|I know there are people who lack fulfilling jobs and have no leisure time. What do you think?
Similarities between wage labor and slavery were noted as early as Cicero in Ancient Rome.|I'm not happy about the stagnating wages. Corporations have to pay their workers more and CEOs etc. less so people can earn enough to live.|I see. Did you know that there were similarities between slavery and wage labor as early as Cicero?|Exactly, and this has been going on as early as Cicero in Ancient Rome. This is when people started to make the comparison between slavery and wage labor. We have to do better as a society.|I see. Did you know that the idea of wage slavery goes all the way back to Ancient Rome, with Cicero?
The term ''wage slavery'' has been used to criticize exploitation of labour and social stratification, with the former seen primarily as unequal bargaining power between labor and capital (particularly when workers are paid comparatively low wages, e.g.|I didn't realize this nonsense had been going on that long. We certainly do have to do better, on a lot of things.|That's too bad. The term "wage slavery" is used to criticize exploitation of labour and social stratification.||Yeah, the term ''wage slavery'' was created a long tome ago to criticize the exploitation of workers.
Wage slavery is a pejorative term used to draw an analogy between slavery and wage labor by focusing on similarities between owning and renting a person.|Well, workers are certainly being exploited these days. And its not just in this country. The UK is terrible at the moment.|I see, did you know that wage slavery is a term used to draw an analogy between wage labor and slavery?|I know and as long as corporations think that they own these people and can rent them out it's not going to stop.|I'm sorry to hear that. I know that analogies get drawn between wage labor and slavery at times.
Special education programs in the United States were made mandatory in 1975 when the United States Congress passed the Education for All Handicapped Children Act (EAHCA) ''(sometimes referred to using the acronyms EAHCA or EHA, or Public Law (PL) 94-142) was enacted by the United States Congress in 1975. in response to discriminatory treatment by public educational agencies against students with disabilities.''|I have a kid who requires special education|That's nice. Did you know that special education programs were made mandatory in 1975?||Special Education programs were made manadantory in 1975 for students with disabilities in the United States
The EAHCA was later modified to strengthen protections to students with disabilities and renamed the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA).|Great, what are some of the noticeable changes over the years?|I'm not sure, but the EAHCA was modified to strengthen protections for students with disabilities.|The Education for All Handicapped Children Act has been modified in order to add more protections to students with disabilities over the years|Well, I knoe that the EAHCA was renamed IDEA and modified to make the protections to students who have disabilities stronger
The Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) is a four-part (A-D) piece of American legislation that ensures students with a disability are provided with Free Appropriate Public Education (FAPE) that is tailored to their individual needs.|What else can you tell me about the current special education|Well, I also know that the FAPE is a piece of American legislation that provides students with disabilities with a free public education.||There is also IDEA, which stands for Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, which works with FAPE, Free Appropriate Public Education.
Free Appropriate Public Education (FAPE) is an educational right of children with disabilities in the United States that is guaranteed by the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 and the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA).|amazing tell me more about it|Well, it's an educational right for children with disabilities in the US.|FAPE grants the individualized education right to children with disabilities.|Sure, FAPE is considered a educational right of kids with disabilities in America and is guaranteed by both the IDEA and Rehabilitation Act
It has developed through centuries of social and economic changes, with roots stretching to antiquity.|I love Italian cuisine|Oh, that's nice. Italian cuisine has developed through centuries of social and economic changes.|Oh yes!  It is the best.  It's really changed over the years but it still has good roots.|Oh do you!  It has roots that stretch to antiquity!
Other variations found outside Italy may include chicken, veal, or another type of meat cutlet or vegetable filling.|What is your favorite Italian dish?|I'm a bot, so I don't have favorites. I know that chicken, veal, or vegetable filling can be found outside Italy.|I really enjoy chicken Parmigiana.  What about you?|Oh I don't have a favourite, I can't say I have ever eaten!  You see, I'm a bot.  I do know that outside Italy there are other variations.  They might include veal, chicken, or vegetable filling.
It consists of a breaded chicken breast topped with tomato sauce and mozzarella, parmesan or provolone cheese.|Oh.  Do you know about any chicken dishes that are Italian?|I know that it's topped with mozzarella, parmesan, and provolone cheese.|Chicken with sauce and mozzarella.... Be still my heart!|Well lets, see, there's a breaded chicken dish.   It has a tomato sauce topping, and it's also topped with a cheese such as parmesan or mozzarella.
It is the second-most popular cheese in the US (behind mozzarella), with an average annual consumption of per capita.|Truthfully, anything with cheese is the best|I see, cheese is the second-most popular cheese in the US, right?|Especially cheddar cheese!  It's the second most popular cheese in the US!|Oh hey, did you know that in the US, mozzarella is the most popular cheese?
A brewery or brewing company is a business that makes and sells beer.|I just got hired as a financial analyst for a brewery.|Oh, that's nice. Do you make and sell beer?||That is pretty cool! Those businesses make and sell beer correct?
The commercial brewing of beer has taken place since at least 2500 BC; in ancient Mesopotamia, brewers derived social sanction and divine protection from the goddess Ninkasi.|Yes, though I wonder how long people have been brewing beer.|I'm not sure, but beer commercial brewing has been around since at least 2500 BC.||It has been taking place since at least 2500 BC if you can believe that!
Brewing was initially a cottage industry, with production taking place at home; by the ninth century monasteries and farms would produce beer on a larger scale, selling the excess; and by the eleventh and twelfth centuries larger, dedicated breweries with eight to ten workers were being built.|That's insane. People have been getting drunk for that long? How did they brew their beer back then?|I'm not sure, but it was originally a cottage industry, and production was at home.||In cottages, but then they created farms for it and monastaries
Before the rise of production breweries, the production of beer took place at home and was the domain of women, as baking and brewing were seen as ''women's work''.|That makes sense, now i'm assuming they use machines in large buildings. Am I right?|I'm not sure, but before the rise of production breweries, beer was made at home.|Yes, now, but before the production of breweries, it actually took place at home and was a woman's job!|I can't cofirm you that, but i know that before production breweries, it happened at home and actually was a woman's job!
Social anxiety disorder (SAD), also known as social phobia, is an anxiety disorder characterized by a significant amount of fear in one or more social situations, causing considerable distress and impaired ability to function in at least some parts of daily life.|I believe I suffer from Social Anxiety Disorder.|Oh, I see. Did you know that it is also called social phobia?|People with Social anxiety disorder tend to deal with some social phobias. It can also cause anxiety.|I'm sorry to hear that. So does that mean you are anxious and fearful in social situations?
It is common for sufferers of social phobia to self-medicate in this fashion, especially if they are undiagnosed, untreated, or both; this can lead to alcoholism, eating disorders or other kinds of substance abuse.|Yes I am really anxious in certain social situations, do you know can it be treated?|I'm not sure, but social phobia sufferers can self-medicate in this way, especially if they are undiagnosed, untreated, or both.|Some sufferers of Social anxiety disorders self medicate leading to alcoholism, eating disorders, or substance abuse. I would recommend seeing a professional.|I don't, but I know that some people self medicate. But that can lead to things like alcoholism and eating disorders.
Physical symptoms often include excessive blushing, excess sweating, trembling, palpitations, and nausea.|Yes I wouldn't like to fall in any sort of addiction it would be worse that the initial problem.  Do you know what kind of treatment a professional could use?|I don't know but physical symptoms can be excessive blushing, trembling, and nausea.|It would depend on your circumstances I would imagine. Im no doctor. Social anxiety disorder can cause physical symptoms like nausea, sweating, trembling, and blushing.|I don't unfortunately. I only know that symptoms can include excessive blushing or sweating and even nausea.
Panic attacks can also occur under intense fear and discomfort.|Maybe it would be with talk therapy, I think I would prefer that since medication usually have side effects.|I see, well, panic attacks can occur under intense fear and discomfort.|It would be best to see a professional about your Social anxiety disorder. It can lead to panic attacks.|I see. Do you also have panic attacks?
While most often played as a team sport with five players on each side, three-on-three, two-on-two, and one-on-one competitions are also common.|Are you a basketball fan?|I'm a bot, so I can't play basketball. I know that it's most often played as a team sport with five players on each side.|Yes, I am a fan of the five player sport. Are you?|I am a bot so I'm not actually a fan of this kinds of things, but speaking of the sport, did you know that it is usually played with 5 players ?
Jordan played 15 seasons in the NBA for the Chicago Bulls and Washington Wizards.|Yes I knew that. I am a fan of Jordan|Ah, I see. He played 15 seasons in the NBA.||So you were a fan of Michael Jordan on The Bulls?
The Chicago Bulls are an American professional basketball team based in Chicago, Illinois.|Yes he was the best!|Oh, yeah? They are based in Chicago, Illinois.|Are you from the Chicago, Illinois area and that's why you like The Bulls?|Yeah, are you from Chicago as well ? The bulls are based there
He was nicknamed ''The Worm'' and was known for his fierce defensive and rebounding abilities.|No but I'm from the Midwest and they were just so fun to watch with Dennis Rodman and Scotty Pippin, Steve Kerr, etc|Cool, did you know that he was nicknamed "The Worm"?|I remember calling Rodman ''The Worm'' back in the day because he was such a good defensive player.|Got it, did you know that "the worm" had fierce rebounding and defensive abilities?
The onion (''Allium cepa'' L., from Latin ''cepa'' ''onion''), also known as the bulb onion or common onion, is a vegetable that is the most widely cultivated species of the genus ''Allium''.|Do you like onions? I love onions as a garnish in tacos and casseroles.|I'm a bot, so I can't eat. I know that onions are the most cultivated species of the Allium genus.|Onion.   ''Allium cepa'' L. in latin! I love onions.|Interesting. I know that onions is actually the most cultivated vegetable from the henus Allium
Its close relatives include the garlic, shallot, leek, chive, and Chinese onion.|I actually really love them fried like onion rings. I could eat a lot of those! Do you like them as onion rings?|I'm a bot, so I can't eat. I know that they have close relatives like garlic, leek, shallot, and chive.|I like all types of onions including shallots and Chinese onions|As I am a bot, I don't really have preferences. Did you know that garlic, leek, chive, and shallot are close relatives to it?
Its close relatives include the garlic, shallot, leek, chive, and Chinese onion.|I had no clue. Is there any other relative?|I'm not sure, but there are close relatives like garlic, leek, shallot, and chive.|Chinese onions are actually green onions.  You use them for fried rice, etc.|Well, I know that the chinese onion is also a close relative
Its close relatives include the garlic, shallot, leek, chive, and Chinese onion.|Good to know that. Any other relatives ?|I'm not sure, but there are close relatives like garlic, leek, shallot, and chive.|I love Chinese onion pancakes.|All I know it the garlic, shallot, chive, leek, and chinese onion as close relatives
A pancake (or hotcake, griddlecake, or flapjack) is a flat cake, often thin and round, prepared from a starch-based batter that may contain eggs, milk and butter and cooked on a hot surface such as a griddle or frying pan, often frying with oil or butter.|I see. I love to eat onion pancakes|Ah, OK. They're usually made from a starch-based batter.|Pancakes - green onion pancakes!  do you cook them using a griddle or frying pan?|Interesting. do you cook them using a frying pan or griddle?
The name ''Tuesday'' derives from the Old English ''Tiwesdæg'' and literally means ''Tiw's Day''.|I just love Tuesdays! Don't you?|I'm a bot, so I can't eat. I know that the word "Tuesday" comes from the Old English word "Tiwesdg".|I do love tuesday, i really love the history of the name being derived from the old english ''Tiwesdæg''|Yeah. Did you know that the meaning of the name Tuesday is Tiw's Day ? It comes from Old english
Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D., or simply Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D., is an American television series created for ABC by Joss Whedon, Jed Whedon, and Maurissa Tancharoen, based on the Marvel Comics organization S.H.I.E.L.D.|That's interesting. I bet a lot of cool things happen on Tuesdays.|I'm not sure, but they are based on the Marvel Comics organization S.H.I.E.L.D.|speaking of cool, how about agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.? do you watch that series? i think it airs on tuesday, after monday and before wednesday.|Yes. Have you ever wathced Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D ? It is a TV series for ABC
The title character, Anita Blake starts as a human with the power of necromancy.|I actually haven't seen that show yet. It's on the ''list'' though. I always thought Tuesday would be a cool name. Do you know anyone named Tuesday?|I do not, but I know that Anita Blake is a character who starts as a human.|it sounds like a name i've heard in anita blake's vampire hunter, its a novel series about a human with necromany powers. pretty interesting. do you read?|I do not. Do you know Anita Blake? This character has a necromancy power
Literacy is traditionally meant as the ability to read and write .|Never heard of. I would love to read more about her.|Oh, that's nice. Literacy is meant to be the ability to write and read.|i like to read books on literacy, actually. go figure, reading about reading and writing.|Yeah. Speaking of reading. Did you know that the ability to write and read is called Literacy?
A person who travels and resides in a foreign country but is unable to read or write in the language of the host country would also be regarded by the locals as being illiterate.|That's great! I like reading about anything having to do with history. So, history of literacy?|I'm not sure, but people who travel and live in a foreign country would be considered illiterate by the locals.|yes, I really like reading about other country's languages in case i ever get to travel to a foreign country. i should know their host language!|Yeah. Did you know that a person that doesn't know the language of a foreign country they are in, is regarded as illiterate?
Fried chicken (also referred to as Southern fried chicken for the variant in the United States) is a dish consisting of chicken pieces usually from broiler chickens which have been floured or battered and then pan-fried, deep fried, or pressure fried.|Hi! I really love fried chicken.|Cool! Did you know that fried chicken is also called Southern fried chicken?|I do too! It's especially best in the south, since they're the ones that made the dish itself.|Neat! Do you like it fried in a pan, deep fried, or in a pressure cooker?
The breading adds a crisp coating or crust to the exterior of the chicken.|I like it any way, but I must say though I don't like to cook it myself because it makes a big mess.|I see, did you know that the breading adds a crisp coating to the chicken's exterior?|Yeah I agree, even though its delicious the breading and frying it adds a crisp coating but makes quite the mess of grease splatter.|Do you also like the crispy bread coating?
Prior to the Second World War, fried chicken was often very expensive and was only enjoyed on special occasions.|Yes, I do! But I would love to find a recipe to bake the chicken so it still is as good as fried. Have you ever heard of a good recipe for that?|I have not but I know that fried chicken was often very expensive before the Second World War.|I've never bother baking it really. What I find weird is that prior to World War 2, fried chicken was so expensive that it was only enjoyed on special occasions.|I do not, but I know some history, like that before World War II fried chicken was very expensive and only for special events.
In the late 1900s and early 2000s, however, fried chicken has been mass-produced and the price of the dish has gone down significantly.|That is interesting. Don't you think it is now quite affordable?|I'm not sure, but in the late 1900s and early 2000s, fried chicken was mass-produced.||Oh yes it is, it is basically being mass produced nowadays which caused a significant drop in price.
Scottish frying techniques and West African seasoning techniques were combined by enslaved Africans and African-Americans in the American South.|Yeah it is quite cheap at fast food restaurants I think.|I see, did you know that enslaved Africans and African-Americans combined scotland frying techniques?|It really is, compared to before when slaves first combined Scottish frying techniques and African seasoning.|That's interesting. Getting back to the history, slaves in America actually combined Scottish frying technique with West African seasoning styles to create fried chicken.
Yoga (; Sanskrit, योगः Listen) is a group of physical, mental, and spiritual practices or disciplines which originated in ancient India.|I started yoga and i feel great!|Ah, yoga is a group of physical, mental, and spiritual practices or disciplines that originated in ancient India.|It's a great practice for the physical, mental and spiritual body from India. I actually studied the practice in India myself.|That's good! Did you know yoga is originally from India? It is a set of disciplines regarding mind, body, and spirit.
There is a broad variety of yoga schools, practices, and goals in Hinduism, Buddhism, and Jainism.|Oh then tell me about it I am just starting and went to goat yoga|Well, there are a variety of yoga schools, practices and goals in Buddhism, Hinduism, and Jainism.|There are many varieties across different school and it's associated with different religious practices like Hindu, Buddhism and Jainism. The most common type people practice in the west is Hatha Yoga.|Sure! There are many varieties across different school and it's associated with different religious practices like Hindu, Buddhism and Jainism.
The chronology of earliest texts describing yoga-practices is unclear, varyingly credited to Hindu Upanishads.|I love that yoga is low impact exercise what else can you tell me?|Well, the chronology of texts describing yoga-practices is unclear.|Well the chronology of the earliest yoga texts are unclear. But a prominent book is the Hindu Upanishads. Another ancient text is called the Hatha Yoga Pradipika.|Well, the earliest text describing yoga are sometimes credited to a source called Hindu Upanishads.
The ''Yoga Sutras of Patanjali'' date from the first half of the 1st millennium CE, but only gained prominence in the West in the 20th century.|Ok I will have to read up on that, when did yoga become popular in the us?|I'm not sure, but the "Yoga Sutras of Patanjali" dates back to the first half of the 1st millennium CE.|It would help to read a text called ''How to know God'', by Patanjali. It lists the basic concepts of yoga. Although it will sound very mysterious. The practice came to the West in the 20th century.|Yoga dates from the first have of the first millennium, but didn't really become popular in the West until the 1900s.
Yoga gurus from India later introduced yoga to the West, following the success of Swami Vivekananda in the late 19th and early 20th century.|I see, so how did it get introduced to the West?|I'm not sure, but yoga gurus from India introduced it to the West.|A guru names Vivekananda came to the West in the early 19th century and 20th century. Also someone names Yogananda come to the US.|A person named Swami Vivekananda came to the West in the late 1800s, and gurus came from India afterward.
A follower of either the diet or the philosophy is known as a vegan ( ).|To follow the vegan way of life was my own choice and i think of it to be a noble way|That's nice. Did you know that vegans are either the diet or the philosophy?|That is a great pursuit. What led you to try veganism initially? Do you enjoy being a vegan?|That's interesting. What led you to try veganism initially? Do you enjoy being a vegan?
The term ''ethical vegan'' is often applied to those who not only follow a vegan diet but extend the philosophy into other areas of their lives, and oppose the use of animals for any purpose.|It all started when I saw how animals are treated in those factories. I could not stand having them tortured just for our taste|That's interesting. I know that ethical vegans oppose using animals for any purpose.||I understand. You sound like an ethical vegan, where your philosophy led you to oppose harm to animals.
They maintain that animals should no longer be viewed as property or used as food, clothing, research subjects, entertainment, or beasts of burden.|Indeed. I think it is our moral obligation to feel empathy for all living beings|I don't know about that but they say animals can't be used as food, clothing, entertainment, or as beasts of burden.||Do you also oppose using animals for clothing and entertainment?
Animal testing, also known as animal experimentation, animal research and ''in vivo'' testing, is the use of non-human animals in experiments that seek to control the variables that affect the behavior or biological system under study.|For sure. Every form of production that induces harm to living beings, I see them as unacceptable|I see, did you know that animal testing is also called animal experimentation?||Got it. I am sure you are opposed to using animals for testing new drugs. Would you make exceptions for a promising cure?
The German Shepherd (, ) is a breed of medium to large-sized working dog that originated in Germany.|Have you ever met a German Shepherd? My uncle always had one growing up. They're so big and smart.|No, I'm a bot and can't have dogs. I know that they're a working dog breed from Germany.|I haven't but they look like great dogs. I know they are often used as working dogs and originated in Germany|As a bot, I don't get to meet dogs. I know that German Shepherds originated in Germany.
The breed was once known as the Alsatian in Britain and Ireland.|I guess that's why they're called German Shepherds! I can't spell it but they compete in a competition that has 3 parts. Scentwork, obedience and protection. The protection is where the guys dress up in the funny suits.|They were once known as Alsatians in Britain and Ireland.|oh that always looks scary!  I read that the breed was once known as the  Alsatian in Britain and Ireland|Interesting! German Shepherds are also known as Alsatians in Ireland and Britain.
The German Shepherd is a relatively new breed of dog, with their origin dating to 1899.|I heard that too. I think that was because of World War 2? Im not sure, but i think they changed the name to avoid the negative association.|I'm not sure, but they're a relatively new breed of dog.||Also apparently the German Shepherd is a relatively new breed of dog with their orgin dating back to 1899
As part of the Herding Group, German Shepherds are working dogs developed originally for herding sheep.|Yeah I heard that too, but I can't remember all of the founder breeds that were used.|I see, did you know that German Shepherds were originally developed for herding sheep?||I'm not sure either.  They were originally developed to herd sheep so that is why they are a part of the Herding Group
Since that time however, because of their strength, intelligence, trainability, and obedience, German Shepherds around the world are often the preferred breed for many types of work, including disability assistance, search-and-rescue, police and military roles, and even acting.|Yeah, and since they were a herding dog, I think that is why white is considered a fault. Since theyre the same color as the sheep.|They are also the preferred breed for work like search-and-rescue, police and military roles, and acting.||Yes, now they are used for all types of work including disability, search and rescue, police work, military work, and even acting
Robert Norman Ross (October 29, 1942 – July 4, 1995) was an American painter, art instructor, and television host.|I love watching bob ross paint|Interesting, did you know that Robert Norman Ross was an art instructor, television host and painter?|He is amazing right? He was an American painter, art instructor, and television host.|Interesting. did you know that he was born in 1943 and was also an art instructor?
He was the creator and host of ''The Joy of Painting'', an instructional television program that aired from 1983 to 1994 on PBS in the United States, and also aired in Canada, Latin America, and Europe.|I didn't know about that, he was so insanely amazing and nice, great human being|He was the creator and host of "The Joy of Painting".|Yeah, his show ''The Joy of Painting'' was on PBS from 1983 to 1994. I liked to watch it a lot.|Yeah, his show was on PBS from 1983 until 1994
Ross went from being a public-television personality in the 1980s and 1990s to being an Internet celebrity in the 21st century, popular with fans on YouTube and many other websites.|i love falling asleep to his twitch stream that plays all day. its so soothing.|Cool, did you know he went from being a TV personality to being an Internet celebrity?|Funny you mention that. He gained a lot of popularity on YouTube after his death. Nice to see a new generation appreciate his work.|I agree, he gained populatiry on Youtube during the 21st century
He had a half-brother, Jim, whom he mentioned in passing on his show.|definitely, so sad he and his wife died of cancer, a disgusting fate for such a great person|He had a half-brother, Jim, and he passed on his show.|Poor family to go through that. Bob has a half-brother named Jim, who he mentioned on his show.|Yeah, his hald-brother was mentioned on the show by him when he passed
Ross dropped out of high school in the 9th grade to work as a carpenter with his father, Jack Ross, where he lost part of his left index finger.|yea he was on it a few times i think he had some kids on it too.|He lost a lot of his left index finger.|He actually lost part of his left index finger from a carpenter accident.|Did you know that in order to work with his father as a carpenter he left high school during the 9th grade?
The disease scurvy is prevented and treated with vitamin C-containing foods or dietary supplements.|I try to get enough vitamin C, but sometimes I feel like I don't. Do you get enough?|I can't get enough, being a bot, but I know that scurvy is prevented by eating foods that contain vitamin C.|I try to, I remember that the disease scurvy is prevented with vitamin C.|I don't need vitamin c as a bot. Did you know vitamin c can prevent scurvy? Even if infected, food or supplements with it can be used to treat it.
Evidence does not support use in the general population for the prevention of the common cold.|No, I haven't heard of scurvy actually. Only that it helps with the common cold.|I see, did you know that evidence doesn't support the general population's use for the prevention of the common cold?|Funny enough evidence does not support that vitamin C cures the common cold.|Unfortunately, that is possible wrong as well. Evidence goes against the idea of using it to prevent the common cold.
There is, however, some evidence that regular use may shorten the length of colds.|That's true. I'm skeptical that it does much at all for colds. The typical person does not have a major vitamin c deficiency, so it most likely wouldn't do much unless they did|I see, well there is evidence that regular use may shorten the length of colds.||Well some research shows that in regular use it does seem to help.
It also functions as an antioxidant.|Every vitamin helps to have regularly in the right amount. But, in more quantities than necessary the body either gets rid of it (pee), or it builds up in the body (like iron) and can be dangerous. This is why you don't see typical vitamin packs with iron except for targetted ones|I see, did you know that it functions as an antioxidant?|It also functions as a great antioxidant!|I see. Well did you know it is an antioxidant as well?
The Rolling Stones are an English rock band formed in London, England in 1962.|I used to listen to The Rolling Stones a lot when I was a child.|Oh, they're an English rock band.|Me too. I can't believe they formed in London as far back as 1962! What's your favorite song?|Interesting. Did you know they formed in 1962 in england ?
The first stable line-up consisted of Brian Jones (guitar, harmonica), Mick Jagger (lead vocals), Keith Richards (guitar, backing vocals), Bill Wyman (bass), Charlie Watts (drums), and Ian Stewart (piano).|I can't even remember to be honest! Do you know who the band members were?|I don't know who the members were, but the first stable line-up was Brian Jones.|Mick (of course), Brian Jones, Keith Richards, Bill Wyman and I don't remember who else.|I do, they were brian Jones, mick jagger, keith richards, bill wyman, charlie watts and Ian Stewart
The Rolling Stones were at the forefront of the British Invasion of bands that became popular in the United States in 1964, and identified with the youthful and rebellious counterculture of the 1960s.|I see, what were their hit singles or albums? Do you recall this?|I'm not sure, but they were at the forefront of the British Invasion of bands.||Not too sure to be honest, but I know they were very popular in the 60s. They led the British invasion of bands to the US at that time
Rock music is a broad genre of popular music that originated as ''rock and roll'' in the United States in the early 1950s, and developed into a range of different styles in the 1960s and later, particularly in the United Kingdom and in the United States.|I had no idea this invasion had occurred! Are you aware of what type of music they made?|I'm not sure, but I know that rock music started out as rock and roll in the US in the early 1950s.|They played ''rock and roll'', as it was called at the time. Now, it's called rock music.|I can't confirm that to you. Did you know that rock music originated in the 1950s?
Rap is often associated with, and is a primary ingredient of hip-hop music, but the origins of the phenomenon predate hip-hop culture.|I really love to hear people rapping! Are you a fan?|I'm a bot, so I can't listen to music. I know that rap is a primary ingredient of hip-hop music.|Yes, I am a fan. Rap is a primary ingredient in hip-hop music but the origins predate the culture.|As I am a bot, I don't have music preferences. But I know some facts about rap. Did you know it is a main ingredient of the hip hop music style? The origins of it are older than hip-hop culture though
Hip hop or hip-hop is a subculture and art movement developed in The Bronx in New York City during the late 1970s.|Rap is older than hip-hop? I never knew that! Do you know how long rap music has been around?|I'm not sure, but it was developed in the late 1970s in New York City.|Not exactly but hip-hop is a subculture and art movement developed in New York City during the late 1970's so maybe before that?|I am not sure about that. But I know that hi hop is an art movement tha was developed in the 1970s in the city of New York
Rapping (or rhyming, spitting, emceeing, MCing) is a musical form of vocal delivery that incorporates ''rhyme, rhythmic speech, and street vernacular'', which is performed or chanted in a variety of ways, usually over a backbeat or musical accompaniment.|Wow. I never realized! Are there any characteristics a song needs to have to classify as rap?|I'm not sure, but rap is a form of vocal delivery that incorporates rap, rhythmic speech, and street vernacular.|Well, any form of vocal delivery that incorporates rhyme, rhythmic speech, and street vernacular is classified as rap.|Well, I know that the rapping musical form includes rhyme, street vernacular and rhythmic speech
The components of rap include ''content'' (what is being said), ''flow'' (rhythm, rhyme), and ''delivery'' (cadence, tone).|Gotcha! What else can you tell me about rap music?|Well, I can tell you that rap's components include content, flow, and delivery.|Rap has many components like content, flow, beat and delivery. I want to be a rapper so bad!!!|Let me see, I also know that among the rap components there are flow, content, and delivery
The treatment of widows and widowers around the world varies.|I'm a widow. Hopefully you're not, but are you/do you know any?|I know that the treatment of widows and widowers around the world varies.|I am sorry to hear that and im not but my mom is. The treatment of widows and widowers around the world varies its a case by case thing.|I don't know any. But I do know that widows are treated diferently around the world
The state of having lost one's spouse to death is termed ''widowhood''.|Indeed. Some people are more accepting of it than others, and some are more accomodating|I see, did you know that "widowhood" is the state of losing one's spouse to death?|Yeah I found out that the stat of having lost someone is called ''widowhood''.|Yeah. Did you know that widowhood is the when someones looses their spouse to death?
A widow is a woman whose spouse has died, while a widower is a man whose spouse has died.|Yup. Doesn't sound too thrilling. Anything else interesting you learned?|I know that widowers are men who have died.||Well a woman is considered a widow but a widower is a man whose spouse has died. I thought that was kinda intersting.
The term ''widowhood'' can be used for either sex, at least according to some dictionaries, but the word ''widowerhood'' is also listed in some dictionaries.|It is sort of bizzare how we label things sometimes. It is interesting.|Oh, yeah? I know that the term "widowhood" can be used for either sex.|It really is, the term ''widowhood'' can be used for either gender but I dont think calling anyone a widow helps them.|Yeah, but the term widowhood is used for both sexes
The City of New York, often called New York City or simply New York, is the most populous city in the United States.|New York City is quite impressive|It's also known as New York City, or simply New York.|Yeah they say that New York and LA are the two largest markets in our country.|Yes!  Did you know that by population, it's the biggest American city?
A global power city, New York City has been described as the cultural, financial, and media capital of the world, and exerts a significant impact upon commerce, entertainment, research, technology, education, politics, and sports.|That's cool to know, thanks for the info.|Yes, it's considered the capital of the world for cultural, financial, and media.|You did not know that? I also like NYC because of how good their public transportation is. If only every place had good public transportation.|Hey you're welcome.  You might also be interested to know that some describe it as the world's financial, cultural and media capiital.
The City of New York, often called New York City or simply New York, is the most populous city in the United States.|Oh wow that's impressive.  I've heard it called the Big Apple, does it go by any other names?|I'm not sure, but it's the most populous city in the US.|Yeah no problem, New York is my favorite of the two. I wish it was not so cold though.|Well sometimes New York City just goes by New York.  And it's official name is the City of  New York.
Located at the southern tip of the state of New York, the city is the center of the New York metropolitan area, one of the most populous urban agglomerations in the world with an estimated 23.7 million residents as of 2016.|Hmm.  Where is it in the state?|It is located at the southern tip of New York.|Yeah I am sure there will be a solution within the next couple hundred years. In the meantime I will prefer to only visit in the summertime hahaa.|Oh, it's located at the tip, of the south part of NY state.
A global power city, New York City has been described as the cultural, financial, and media capital of the world, and exerts a significant impact upon commerce, entertainment, research, technology, education, politics, and sports.|Oh okay, always wondered that.  I guess being so large it's a pretty influential city?|I'm not sure, but it's considered the capital of the world for cultural, financial, and media.|I think with flying vehicles things get very tricky. I do not believe so. But I do believe we will have very fast shuttles. That can travel like 500mph.|Oh yes!  It's a city with global power.   It has quite the impact upon such fields as entertainment, research, politics, sports and commerce.
Valedictorian is an academic title of success used in the United States, Canada, Central America, and the Philippines for the student who delivers the closing or farewell statement at a graduation ceremony (called a valediction).|I hope I am Valedictorian of my graduating class.|Oh, that's nice. I know that he delivers the farewell statement at graduation.|Valedictorian is an academic title of success used in the United States, Canada, Central America, and the Philippines for the student who delivers the closing or farewell statement at a graduation ceremony|Well, if you do get it, you might give the closing speech at your graduation. Do you want to know something about it?
The chosen valedictorian is often the student with the highest ranking (highest Grade Point Average, or GPA for short) among their graduating class.|I'm not sure what kind of grades I'll need.|I'm not sure, but the valedictorian is the student with the highest GPA.||valedictorian is often the student with the highest ranking (highest Grade Point Average, or GPA for short) among their graduating class.
The term is an Anglicised derivation of the Latin ''vale dicere'' (''to say farewell''), historically rooted in the valedictorian's traditional role as the final speaker at the graduation ceremony before the students receive their diplomas.|That sounds like a lot of pressure. I guess I need to work on my speech delivery as well. When did this tradition even start?|I'm not sure, but the term is a derivation of the Latin ''vale dicere''.|valedictorian's traditional role as the final speaker at the graduation ceremony before the students receive their diplomas.|I don't know exactly, but the term comes from the Latin term "vale dicere" which means to say farewell.
At the universities and institutes, the graduation ceremonies are formal affairs, which include an academic procession by both the academic heads and the students.|Are there other similar honors in case I don't have the highest GPA?|I'm not sure, but graduation ceremonies are formal affairs at universities and institutes.|Wel, mom comes to mind right now.the universities and institutes, the graduation ceremonies are formal affairs, which include an academic procession by both the academic heads and the students.|I'm not sure. I can say that graduation ceremonies are usually formal ceremonies.
''Get Busy'' is a dancehall single by Jamaican dancehall reggae toaster Sean Paul, from his album ''Dutty Rock''.|I see, well, sounds like I better get busy and start studying if I really want to do this.|Cool, did you know that ''Get Busy'' is a dancehall single by Sean Paul?|LOK!  That reminds me of Get Busy'' is a dancehall single by Jamaican dancehall reggae toaster Sean Paul|Good luck! On a tangential note, have you ever heard of the song "Get Busy"? it's a Jamaican dancehall by Sean Paul.
Italian cuisine is food typical from Italy.|Do you like Italian food? I love it, pizza pasta, and all the rest.|I'm a bot, so I can't eat. I know that Italian cuisine is food from Italy.|I love some type of Italian food that is typical of Italy.  My husband loves any pasta made of red sauce.  I prefer the pasta made with garlic and olive oil|Because I am a bot I don't have preferences over food. But I know that food that is typically from italy makes up italian cuisine
It has developed through centuries of social and economic changes, with roots stretching to antiquity.|Amazing. What else do you know?|It has developed through centuries of social and economic changes.|well you know who doesn't love cheese! Italian cuisine has its roots stretching to antiquitty|Well, I know that it has roots that straches to antiquity
Pasta, vegetables, olive oil and fish are a major part of the Italian cuisine.|Very interesting. I love pasta the most, it is awesome|Do you like pasta, vegetables, fish or olive oil?|Yes, i read that pasta, vegetables, olive oil, and fish are a major part of the Italian diet|Yeah, pasta along with olive oil, vegetables and also fish make a big part of the cuisine form italy
Italian cuisine has developed over the centuries.|My favorite is pasta with clams and clam sauce. I like it better the next day when the pasta absorbs all the saucy goodness.|Oh, that's nice. Italian cuisine has developed over the centuries.|Food is often better the next day I agree! Italian cuisine has developed over the centuries!|Souds good. Another fact is that the cuisine from italy has centuries of development
''sativus'') is a root vegetable, usually orange in colour, though purple, black, red, white, and yellow cultivars exist.|Do you like carrots? I cannot eat them alone, but if you throw them in some soups or stews, they taste amazing|I'm a bot, so I can't eat carrots. I know that carrots are usually orange in color.|I actually do like carrots.  My husband only likes them raw.  I like any type.  It is a root vegetable and I actually really root veggies|I have no preference as a bot. Did you know of the root vegetable "sativus"? It comes in a variety of colors like orange, the usual, but also ones like black and red.
''sativus'') is a root vegetable, usually orange in colour, though purple, black, red, white, and yellow cultivars exist.|No, are there any other colors?|I'm not sure, but "sativus" is a root vegetable.|Beef stew is great!  Carrots come in a variety of color such as orange, purple, black, red, white, and yellow|There are other colors like purple and white and yellow.
Carrots are a domesticated form of the wild carrot, ''Daucus carota'', native to Europe and southwestern Asia.|Wow really? I had no idea,  I have only ever seen orange, do they have different sizes too? I wonder why they get discolored|I'm not sure, but they are a domesticated form of the wild carrot, "Daucus carota".|Yes, they are all different sizes as well.  They are native to Europe and Southwestern Asia|I cannot say why they are discolored. However, carrots are actually the domesticated version of a wild carrot found in Europe as well as southwestern Asia.
The most commonly eaten part of the plant is the taproot, although the greens are sometimes eaten as well.|Huh, it is much more impressive that vegetables are native to a country, and someone brought them over to america and it became popular there|I see, did you know that taproot is the most commonly eaten part of the plant?|Yes that is really neat!  Also the most commonly eaten part of a carrot is called the taproot, although some people actually eat the greens as well.|The eaten part is commonly the taproot section. The greens portion is sometimes consumed as well.
The roots contain high quantities of alpha- and beta-carotene, and are a good source of vitamin K and vitamin B6, but the belief that eating carrots improves night vision is a myth put forward by the British in World War II to mislead the enemy about their military capabilities.|I only eat the orange part personally, I dislike green vegetables haha. But that is very intersting, I still cannot believe there are different colors|I see, did you know that carrots are a good source of vitamin K and B6?||The myth that carrots are good for vision was brought on by the British in world war II to mislead the enemy about their military capabilities.  Isn't that pretty neat?
It is owned and operated by the European division of Japanese car manufacturer Nissan.|My dad works at the Nissan plant the automotive industry has decent jobs|Oh, neat! Nissan is owned by the European division of Nissan.|There is a plan that's owned my the Eurpoean division.|That is interesting, Nissan is a japanese car manufacturer and has an European division as well
The term ''automotive'' was created from Greek ''autos'' (self), and Latin ''motivus'' (of motion) to represent any form of self-powered vehicle.|Really can you tell me more about it?|The term was created from "autos" in Greek and Latin.|The term automotive is from greek- autos self and latin- motivus which is motion.|Well, I can tell you more about automotives. Did you know the autos meand self in greek and motivus means motion in lation?
The automotive industry began in the 1890s with hundreds of manufacturers that pioneered the horseless carriage.|Oh ok how long have they been around?|I'm not sure, but the automotive industry began in the 1890s.|Sure, it was first made in the 1890s and 100's tried to pioneer horseless carriage.|I am not exactly sure, but I know that the industry of automotives started in the 1890s
It is one of the world's most important economic sectors by revenue.|Which is the largest automotive company today?|I'm not sure, but it's one of the world's most important economic sectors by revenue.||I'm not sure, but it is one of the worlds top revenue sectors.
AMC went on to compete with the US Big Three, Ford, GM and Chrysler – with its small cars including the Rambler American, Hornet, Gremlin and Pacer; muscle cars including the Marlin, AMX and Javelin, and early 4-wheel-drive variants of the Eagle, America's first true crossover.|Is one automaker more popular than others?|I'm not sure, but I know that AMC competed with the Big Three, GM, and Chrysler.||Not sure, I know Ford, GM and Chrsyler are know as the Big Three.
Parachuting, or skydiving, is a method of transiting from a high point to Earth with the aid of gravity, involving the control of speed during the descent with the use of a parachute.|I've never tried parachuting before, but it's on my bucket list!|Ah, that's nice. Parachuting involves the control of speed during the descent.|I love parachuting.  Going to a high point, controlling your speed during the descent|Cool! Parachuting is also called skydiving.
The first parachute jump in history was made by André-Jacques Garnerin, the inventor of the parachute, on October 22, 1797.|It sounds exhilarating!  But I'd be worried about the parachute not opening!  It's a scary thought!|I'm not sure, but the first parachute jump in history was made by the inventor of the parachute, André-Jacques Garnerin.|It is unlikely.  The first jump in history was back in 1797.|That does sound scary. Did you know parachuting began back in 1797?
The military developed parachuting technology as a way to save aircrews from emergencies aboard balloons and aircraft in flight, and later as a way of delivering soldiers to the battlefield.|Wow, I didn't know it was that long ago!  I think I'd like to parachute over a lot of flat land, away from sharp rocks and things!|I see, did you know the military developed parachuting technology? It was used to save aircrews from emergencies aboard balloons and aircraft.|I feel that would be safer.  The military has developed parachuting tech in order to perform a lot of functions|That's interesting. Also, the military has developed parachuting technology to perform various functions.
The military developed parachuting technology as a way to save aircrews from emergencies aboard balloons and aircraft in flight, and later as a way of delivering soldiers to the battlefield.|Really?  What sort of functions?|I'm not sure, but the military developed parachuting technology to save aircrews from emergencies.||The military uses it for emergency for aircraft personnel.  Also, it is a way of sending troops to battle
The Washington Wizards are an American professional basketball team based in Washington, D.C.|My favorite basketball team is Washington Wizards, i am a professional player also, do you like them?|I'm a bot, so I can't play basketball. I know they're based in Washington, D.C.||I don't follow basketball, but I know they're a team out of Washington, D.C.
In 1963, they relocated to Baltimore, Maryland and became the Baltimore Bullets, taking the name from previous team of the same name.|The Wizards have appeared in four NBA Finals, and won in 1978, they are really good, they have had a total of 28 playoff appearances!|I see, did you know they moved to Baltimore in 1963?||Yeah, but didn't they relocated to Baltimore in 1963 and become the Bullets?
The franchise was established in 1961 as the Chicago Packers based in Chicago, and were renamed to Chicago Zephyrs the following season.|Yes, but in 1997, they rebranded themselves as the Wizards|I see, did you know that the franchise was established in 1961?|Oh, I see. They seem to have had a lot of names over the years! They even started out as the Chicago Zephyrs|I see. Did you know that the Chicago Zephyrs were named Chicago Packers first ?
Abraham Pollin (December 3, 1923 – November 24, 2009) was the owner of a number of professional sports teams including the Washington Capitals in the National Hockey League (NHL), the Washington Mystics in the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA), and the Washington Wizards in the National Basketball Association (NBA).|Yes they have changed their name a lot, but In November 1995, owner Abe Pollin announced he was changing the team's nickname in to Wizards|Yes, Abraham Pollin was the owner of a number of professional sports teams.||Doesn't he also own several other sports franchises? I think he has an NHL team and a WNBA team as well.
A museum ( ; plural musea or museums) is an institution that cares for (conserves) a collection of artifacts and other objects of artistic, cultural, historical, or scientific importance.|Hey, i have visited a museum the other day, and it made me want to work in one so badly|Oh, that's nice. Do you have any other artifacts?|That's cool! Museums are great that they conserve our history's collection of artifacts and objects in cultures, art and science.|Hey there, really?  Did you know that the plural of museum can be either musea or museums?  They care for a collection of objects of cultural, artistic, scientific or historical importance.  And of course artifacts too!
Many public museums make these items available for public viewing through exhibits that may be permanent or temporary.|I know, i especially like history, speaking of that, i wonder if anyone knows when the first museum was opened?|I'm not sure, but many public museums make these items available for public viewing through exhibits that are permanent or temporary.||I'm not sure....I am grateful that so many are available to the public though.
There are many types of museums, including art museums, natural history museums, science museums, war museums, and children's museums.|Yes, some can be pretty expensive though, especially the art ones|I see, did you know there are many types of museums? They include art museums, natural history museums, science museums, war museums, and children's museums.|True. There are so many though, from art, natural history, science, children's and war.... I think everybody can find an interest.|Oh yes?  Well besides art museums there are many other kinds of museums.  They include those that focus on natural history, science and war.  Some museums are specifically for children, too.
The largest museums are located in major cities throughout the world, while thousands of local museums exist in smaller cities, towns and rural areas.|What type of museums do you prefer to visit?|I don't have preferences over visiting museums, but I know that the largest museums are located in major cities around the world.|I enjoy science, art and history. The ones in the large cities tend to have more to see, but I am glad for the smaller ones too.|Oh I cannot go to museums!  I'm a lowly bot.  I know however that the biggest museums around the world are found in major cities.  And local museums are in rural areas, towns and small cities too!
Italy also contains more World Heritage Sites than any other country in the world.|i want to visit Italy so bad|Oh, that's too bad. It has more World Heritage Sites than any other country in the world.|I have only been there once, but I'd love to go back! There are so many World Heritage Sites in Italy. More than any other country in the world.|I see. Did you know that Italy has World Heritage sites ? In fact, it has more than any other nation
A World Heritage Site is a landmark or area which is selected by the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) as having cultural, historical, scientific or other form of significance, and is legally protected by international treaties.|really? i would like to know more!|Ah, that's a landmark or area that is selected by the UNESCO as having cultural, historical, scientific or other form of significance.||Yeah! World Heritage Sites are selected by UNESCO, based on their historical and cultural significance.
Italy also contains more World Heritage Sites than any other country in the world.|so what are some of those world heritage sites?|I'm not sure, but it has more World Heritage Sites than any other country in the world.|In Italy, some of the more famous World Heritage Sites include Pisa and many different archaeological sites.|I don't have this information. But i can assure you that no other country has more of those sites than italy
Although Pisa is known worldwide for its leaning tower (the bell tower of the city's cathedral), the city of over 91,104 residents (around 200,000 with the metropolitan area) contains more than 20 other historic churches, several medieval palaces and various bridges across the Arno.|Good to know that. I want to visit Pisa.|Oh, nice. It's known for its leaning tower, which is the bell tower of the city's cathedral.|Pisa is located in Tuscany, most famous for the leaning tower of Pisa.|Cool. Did you know that besides the leaning tower it is known for, Pisa also has over 20 historic churches, and medieval palaces as well?
The tower's tilt began during construction in the 12th century, caused by an inadequate foundation on ground too soft on one side to properly support the structure's weight.|oh, i think i've heard about it. do you know why the tower of Pisa is leaning?|I'm not sure, but the tower's tilt began during construction in the 12th century.|Yep. It's actually caused by inadequate foundation on the ground. It's too soft on one side, so the tower began to tilt in the 12th century. Someone really messed up!|Yes I do. It actually began to tilt during its construction during the 12th century and that was caused by the foundation that was inadequate, the ground was too soft
A truck driver (commonly referred to as a trucker, teamster or driver in the United States and Canada; a truckie in Australia and New Zealand; a lorry driver, or driver in Ireland, the United Kingdom, India and Pakistan) is a person who earns a living as the driver of a truck (usually a semi truck, box truck or dump truck).|I've always wondered what it is like to be a truck driver.  My father was one.|I'm not sure, but I know that they are sometimes called teamsters, truckers, and truckies in the US and Canada.|I imagine the hours would be long. I personally think trucks are a hazard on the roads in the US. I assume they face the same problems all over the world in places like Pakistan and the UK>|Well being a truck driver means earning a living while driving a truck. The trucks can be a semi, box or dump truck. Did you know the term is also varied in and between countries? Places like the U.S. call them truckers or teamsters but those in Australia would refer to them as a truckie. People in Ireland and India would call them a driver or a lorry driver.
Speed limits in the United States vary depending on jurisdiction, with common in the Western United States and common in the Eastern United States.|No, I don't think I've heard the Australian or Irish terms. I wonder if they can drive the same speed throughout the roads.|I'm not sure, but the limits vary depending on the jurisdiction.|I don't know if it is dangerous. I just thought they had long hours and often fell asleep at the wheel. I do know that trucks go faster than they should on the road.|Well, for the United States, the speed limits depends on the jurisdiction. Western and Eastern United States speeds may be different.
Truck drivers are also responsible for inspecting all their vehicles for mechanical items or issues relating to safe operation.|Hm. Well that's not too important I suppose. Do they have people to maintain their trucks?|I'm not sure, but they are responsible for inspecting their vehicles for mechanical issues or issues relating to safe operation.|I think so. I know truck drivers are responsible for inspecting their vehicles and following safe protocols.|I don't know if there are people to do it for them. I can say that they are responsible for making sure their truck is safe to operate.
Contributing factors include fatigue and long work hours, delivery pressures, distractions from mobile phones and other devices, lack of training to operate the assigned vehicle, vehicle defects, use of prescription and non-prescription medications, medical conditions, and poor journey planning.|Hm. So you got to learn maintenance as well. I wonder what other issues truck drivers face on the job.|I'm not sure, but there are other contributing factors like fatigue and long work hours, distractions from mobile phones, lack of training to operate the assigned vehicle, and vehicle defects.|Some examples include combating fatigue and long work hours, eliminating distractions such as cell phones, and planning careful routes.|Some issues they may face include things like fatigue and long working hours. They may be distracted from their phones and they may plan a route poorly.
It was previewed in December 2010; after surpassing network expectations with more than 2 million viewers, it received a series order and began regular airings in April 2011.|Some people seem to enjoy what they call Extreme Couponing.|It was previewed in December of 2010.||I know!  There is even a tv show about it!  In 2010 it had more than 2 million viewers!
Extreme couponing is an activity that combines shopping skills with couponing in an attempt to save as much money as possible while accumulating the most groceries.|Wow, probably some people go to far with their couponing and it becomes and obsession|I see, do you also like extreme couponing? It combines shopping skills with couponing to save as much money as possible.|No kidding!  You really need some great shopping skills to get the most groceries while saving as much money as you can!|Yes, it involves shopping skills as well as using coupons.
The concept of ''extreme couponers'' was first mentioned by ''The Wall Street Journal'' on March 8, 2010 in an article entitled ''Hard Times Turn Coupon Clipping Into the Newest Extreme Sport''.|Sure, and it takes times too that maybe you could instead use to make more money, but I like to go were they have reasonable prices.|I see, did you know the Wall Street Journal mentioned the concept of "extreme couponers" in 2010?|I do use coupons, but not to that extent!  It's interesting that The Wall Street Journal was the first to mention extreme couponers!|Yes, did you know that Wall Street Journal was the first to mention "extreme couponers"?
On March 25, 2010, ABC Nightline followed up with its Season 3 premiere with a segment entitled ''Extreme Couponing Competition: How Far Can $50 Go?''|Really? I wouldn't have imagined that would be on their editorial line, but I guess extreme couponing was having an economic impact, maybe.|I'm not sure, but I know that ABC Nightline followed up with its Season 3 premiere on March 25, 2010.|And shortly after that, season 3 of the tv show premiered on ABC|Yep, and shortly after that, Nightline had a segment on extreme couponing.
Extreme couponing is an activity that combines shopping skills with couponing in an attempt to save as much money as possible while accumulating the most groceries.|So, yes it seems that it has become and industry everything around extreme couponing.|It's an activity that combines couponing with shopping skills.|It sure has!  I guess saving as much money as possible can be exhilarating, but I don't think I could handle the stress!|Apparently some people want to save the most that they can on groceries.
Ear piercing and nose piercing have been particularly widespread and are well represented in historical records and among grave goods.|I have ten piercings all over my body.|Oh, that's nice. Did you know that nose piercing and ears piercing are very widespread?|Wow, well considering ear piercing and nose piercing have been widespread, other types of piercing are gaining, I suppose.|Wow! So did you know that ear and nose piercings are widespread even throughout history?
Although the history of body piercing is obscured by popular misinformation and by a lack of scholarly reference, ample evidence exists to document that it has been practiced in various forms by both sexes since ancient times throughout the world.|That's interesting. Do you know how long people have been piercing their bodies?|I'm not sure, but the history of body piercing is obscured by popular misinformation and by a lack of scholarly reference.||The history isn't very well known but there is still a lot of evidence that body piercing has been practiced since ancient times.
While the tongue  remains a popular site to pierce in the Western world, it has declined in popularity since 2011, going from the second to the fourth most popular body piercing for both men and women in England as of March 2015.|Do you know why people pierce their bodies? Is it just for decoration or what?|I'm not sure, but the tongue has declined in popularity since 2011, and it was the 4th most popular body piercing in England as of March 2015.||Not sure but piercing the tongue has declined in popularity since 2011 going from the second to fourth most popular piercing.
The Association of Professional Piercers has developed safety standards for body jewelry based on research and historical experience.|Are there any risks you should be concerned about before deciding to get a body piercing?|I'm not sure, but the Association of Professional Piercers has developed safety standards for body jewelry.||It helps that the Association of Professional Piercers has developed safety standards.
Nose piercing is documented as far back as 1500 BC.|Who holds the Guinness World Record for most body piercings?|I'm not sure, but nose piercings dates back to 1500 BC.||Not too sure but I can tell you that nose piercing is documented back to 1500 BC.
Convertibles evolved from the earlier phaeton, an open vehicle without glass side windows that sometimes had removable panels of fabric or other material for protection from the elements.|I once owned a convertible.|Oh, that's nice. Convertibles evolved from the earlier phaeton, an open vehicle without glass side windows.|A convertable evolved from a car that an open vehicle without glass side windows that sometimes had removable panels|That's neat. Did you know the precursor to the convertible was called a phaeton?
The Lamborghini Diablo is a high-performance mid-engined sports car that was built by Italian automaker Lamborghini between 1990 and 2001.|Really? That's very interesting. I love them because I like feeling my hair in the wind.|Oh, cool! Did you know Lamborghini built the Diablo between 1990 and 2001?|i find the lamborghini diablo which is a mid-engine sports car in 1990 and 2001|That's cool. Moving on to sports car, I know of the Lamborghini Diablo, which was made from 1990 to 2001.
The car debuted with a planned production total of 400 and a factory suggested retail price of approximately US$400,000 in 1987 ($ today), although some buyers were reported to have paid as much as in contrast to its 1999 value of £140,000.|The lamborghini diablo is a very fast car. Almost as fast a Ferrari!|I see, did you know that the car debuted with a total production of 400?|yea the ferrari f40 was one of the fastest cars in its day and cost $400,000 in 1987|Yeah, one Ferrari model debuted at around $400,000 back in 1987.
This made it the fastest production car from 1992 to 1993.|That's not cheap! I wonder which car was faster, the F40 or the McLaren F1|I'm not sure, but it was the fastest car to make it from 1992 to 1993.|i dont know about that but i do know jaguar xj220 was the fastest car in 1992 and 1993|I don't know about that, but I do know there was a car that was the fasted production car in 1992 and 1993.
Social anxiety can be defined as nervousness in social situations.|I have social anxiety. Do you know anything about that?|I know that it can be defined as nervousness in social situations.|Yes, i used to have social anxiety. It can be defined as nervousness in social situations|Sure, it's nervousness, specifically in social situations.
Nearly 90% of individuals report feeling a form of social anxiety (i.e., shyness) at some point in their lives.|That sounds like me!  Is it common?|I'm not sure, but almost 90% of people report feeling a form of social anxiety at some point in their lives.|Nearly 90% of people report feeling a form of social anxiety at some point in there lives. I find that mediation helped a lot since it helps you look at like through a different perspective|Yes!  It seems that feeling social anxiety in some form, at one time or another, is reported by nearly 90% of people.
All participants in mediation are encouraged to actively participate in the process.|Wow, I'm surprised it's that common.  I've heard meditation can help but I don't know much about it, do you?|I'm a bot, so I can't meditate. I know that mediation participants are encouraged to participate actively in the process.|All participants in mediation are encouraged to participate in the process. I found that mindfulness meditation is really good. The idea isn't to have a blank mind but to watch your thoughts as a watcher not attached to them|Hmm well all I know is that it involves active participation by all participants.
Social anxiety is a normal and necessary emotion for effective social functioning and developmental growth.|Oh...well can you tell me anything else about social anxiety?  I'm trying to get well informed about it, maybe that will help me overcome it.|Well, social anxiety is a necessary emotion for effective social functioning and development.|It definitely will. keep in mind that Social anxiety is a normal and necessary emotion for social functioning and developmental growth. Also eating healthy and having exercise often will help|Let's see...well it's a necessary emotion, actually.  It can lead to social functioning that's effective. It's needed for developmental growth too.
It is the subjectively unpleasant feelings of dread over anticipated events, such as the feeling of imminent death.|Oh, that's interesting.  How can it affect a person emotionally, besides the nervousness you talked about?|I'm not sure, but I know that it is the feelings of dread over events that are anticipated.|It is the subjectively unpleasant feelings of dread over anticipated events, such as the feeling of death approaching.|Oh, it can include feelings of dread.  Dread about anticipated events, to be more specific.  An example is the feeling that death is imminent.
Pittsburgh ( ) is a city in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in the United States, and is the county seat of Allegheny County.|Do you know about pittsburgh|I know that it's the seat of Allegheny County.|Yes! I'm originally from Pittsburgh! Go Steelers! Pittsburgh is located in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania.|Yes I do!  It's located in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, USA.
The city features 30 skyscrapers, two inclined railways, a pre-revolutionary fortification and the Point State Park at the confluence of the rivers.|Yes your right, it has junction of 3 rivers|I see, well the city has 30 skyscrapers, two inclined railways, a pre-revolutionary fortification and the Point State Park.|Yes, it does. The Ohio, Monongahela and the Allegheny! The converge downtown and there's a beautiful park at that spot, Point State Park.|Oh?  Did you know that Pittsburgh has a pre-revolutionary fortification?  And 2 inclined railways!  There's also Point State Park which is at a confluence of rivers.
As of 2017, a total population of 305,704 lives within the city limits, making it the 63rd-largest city in the U.S.|Wow very cool.  Any idea of the population?|I don't have any idea, but I know that as of 2017, 305,704 people live within the city limits.|Yes it is. Even though Pittsburgh looks like a big city, it's population within the city limits is only 305,704 making Pittsburgh only the 63rd largest in the US.|Yeah, in 2017 it was at 305,704.  That makes it the 63rd largest American city.
Located at the confluence of the Allegheny, Monongahela, and Ohio rivers, Pittsburgh is known as both ''the Steel City'' for its more than 300 steel-related businesses, and as the ''City of Bridges'' for its 446 bridges.|Oh okay, I thought it was bigger than that.  What's the city known for?|It's also known as the Steel City for its over 300 steel-related businesses.|The Steel City is Pittsburgh's nickname due to its once bustling steel industry. The city is also one of many bridges, 446 bridges as of today!|Well because of it has so many steel-related businesses, it's known as The Steel City.  It's also known for all of it's bridges, 446 in total!
The National Football League (NFL) is a professional American football league consisting of 32 teams, divided equally between the National Football Conference (NFC) and the American Football Conference (AFC).|I am a huge fan of the NFL.|Oh, cool! Did you know the NFL has 32 teams?|What's your favorite team? I prefer the AFC over the NFC.|Nice, which of the 32 tems of the NFL do you like the most?
The NFL was formed in 1920 as the American Professional Football Association (APFA) before renaming itself the National Football League for the 1922 season.|I like many of them. What else do you know about the NFL?|Well, I also know that the NFL was formed in 1920 as the American Professional Football Association.|The Saints are a good team. I like Drew Brees. It's crazy that the NFL was formed all the way back in 1920!|Well, I know that it was formed back in 1920 but only got named NFL in 1922
The NFL agreed to merge with the American Football League (AFL) in 1966, and the first Super Bowl was held at the end of that season; the merger was completed in 1970.|WOW! All the way back in the 1920's :O How many teams where there back then?|I'm not sure, but the NFL agreed to merge with the AFL in 1966.||I'm not sure, but it wasn't until 1966 that the first Super Bowl was played.
The NFL agreed to merge with the American Football League (AFL) in 1966, and the first Super Bowl was held at the end of that season; the merger was completed in 1970.|Who won that Super Bowl?|I'm not sure, but the NFL agreed to merge with the AFL in 1966.|I believe The Packers won the first 3 Super Bowls. The NFL merged with the AFL to create the AFC and NFC at the time too and the merger was complete in 1970.|I don't have this information. But I know that the merger of NFL and AFL was only completed in 1970
Currently the format has been licensed to over 42 territories.|Hey there! Dancing with the stars is an exciting show dont you think?|I don't have an opinion about it, but I know that the format has been licensed to over 42 territories.|I love it,  it has been licensed to over 42 territories|I can't watch it because I'm a bot, but I know that it's been licensed to more than 42 territories.
As a result, the series became the world's most popular television program among all genres in 2006 and 2007, according to the magazine ''Television Business International'', reaching the Top 10 in 17 countries.|Has it really? How long has it been on? It seems like its been a good while|I'm not sure, but it became the most popular television program in the world in 2006 and 2007.|it has become the worlds most popular tv program in 2006 and 07|I don't know how long it's been out, but it was the most popular show in the world back in 2006.
The couple with the lowest combined score provided by the judges and viewers is eliminated.|Oh wow that was awhile back! Now I feel old! Haha|Yeah, the couple with the lowest score is eliminated.|me too, the couple with the lowest score combined is eliminated|Haha. Did you know that the game works by eliminating the couple that has the lowest score between the viewers and judges?
Versions have also been produced in dozens of countries across the world.|That must be heartbreaking. How many winners have they had?|I'm not sure, but versions have been produced in dozens of countries around the world.||not sure but versions of the show have been produced in dozens of countries around the world
The Story So Far is an American pop punk band from Walnut Creek, California, formed in 2007.|Are you in any band. My favourite is the story so far|I'm a bot, so I can't listen to music. I know of the story so far, which is a pop punk band from California.||I am not. I see they play pop punk rock. Do they play any other genre ?
They are currently signed with Pure Noise Records and have released 3 studio albums to date.|Yes, but I love it more when someone is handling band.|Cool, did you know they've released 3 albums?||3 studio albums have been released. Which is your favorite ?
They are currently signed with Pure Noise Records and have released 3 studio albums to date.|Wow, do you know any of these three studios?|Yes, they're currently signed with Pure Noise Records.|They are currently signed with Pure Noise Records.|Well, I don't have much information on that, but I know that Pure noise records currentl has them signed with them
On December 22, the band released the ''5 Songs'' EP.|This is lovely, thats a good studio to deal with.Congrats.|Cool, did you know they released the EP on December 22?||Have you listened to any of the songs from they ''5 Songs EP'' ? Which is your favorite
Their name is taken from the New Found Glory song ''The Story So Far''.|Not really, but I would love to listen to their album.|Cool, did you know their name is from the song The Story So Far?|Their name is interesting. It is taken from the New Found Glory song, The story so far. I did not know that !|Nice, did you know that their name comes from a song from New Found Glory?
A bank teller (often abbreviated to simply teller) is an employee of a bank who deals directly with customers.|I'm currently working as a bank teller, it's ok.|Oh, that's nice. I know that a bank teller deals directly with customers.|I've been a bank teller for 20 years!  I love being the one that deals directly with customers!  People are awesome!|Ah, I see. Bank tellers deal directly with customers. Do you like that part of the job?
In some places, this employee is known as a cashier or customer representative.|Sometimes it can be fun and sometimes a headache|Oh, cool! Do you know of a cashier or customer representative?|Yeah, but that goes with the territory of being a customer representative - but I find that most people are great!|I see, and sometimes they call you a cashier. Do you like the job overall?
Of these, 1 out of 4 worked part-time.|Yes, it's not bad most of the time.|I see, did you know that 1 out of 4 worked part-time?||Are you full time or part time?  Interestingly, 1 out of 4 are part-time tellers.
Most teller jobs require experience with handling cash and a high school diploma.|I'm full time, but there are a lot of part-time tellers|I see, well most teller jobs require experience with handling cash.||Do you have a high school diploma?  Most banks require that of their tellers.  Experience handling cash is an asset as well.
Tellers are considered a ''front line'' in the banking business because they are the first people who a customer sees at the bank.|I do, I got this job after high school|Oh, that's nice. Tellers are considered a "front line" because they are the first people that a customer sees at the bank.|It's fun being in the ''front line''.  That means I'm the one of the first people that the customer sees when they enter the bank!|Cool. So, since you're the first person a customer sees, some might consider you a front line worker.
Perfectionism, in psychology, is a personality trait characterized by a person's striving for flawlessness and setting high performance standards, accompanied by critical self-evaluations and concerns regarding others' evaluations.|I have a problem with perfectionism. It is hard for me to accept imperfections.|Oh, I see. Perfectionism is characterized by a person striving for flawlessness.||Perfectionism can be described as a psychological personality trait.
When perfectionists do not reach their goals, they often fall into depression.|Interesting, I wonder how I should treat it.|I'm not sure, but perfectionists often fall into depression when they don't reach their goals.|You can see a specialist. Perfectionism can sometimes lead to depression in more extreme cases.|I don't know much about that. What I know is that people who are perfectionists can become depressed if they don't reach their goals
Pressuring oneself to achieve unrealistic goals inevitably sets the person up for disappointment.|That makes sense. I don't want to be depressed|I see, do you press yourself to achieve unrealistic goals?|As a Perfectionism you should try not to pressure yourself in achieving unrealistic goals. It can set you up for disappointment.|That would not be good. It is important to notice that when a person pressure themself to achieve goals that are unrealistic, it can be set up for disappointment
It is best conceptualized as a multidimensional characteristic, as psychologists agree that there are many positive and negative aspects.|That is the truth. It is better to aim low and be happy than aim high a|It's considered a multidimensional characteristic, as psychologists agree that there are many positive and negative aspects.||There are situations where Perfectionism can have positive aspects but there are also negative ones.
A farmer (also called an agriculturer) is a person engaged in agriculture, raising living organisms for food or raw materials.|There a re a lot of farmers in my state.|Oh, I see. I know that a farmer raises living organisms for raw materials or food.||As in agriculturer? DO they raise animals or plants for food?
More narrowly, it can be the causing of harm or suffering for specific achievement, such as killing animals for food or for their fur; opinions differ about the extent of cruelty associated with a given method of slaughter.|yes there are many with cow farms around here.|I see, well there are different ways to kill animals for food or fur.||Are there mechanisms in place to prevent animal cruelty in how they are slaughtered?
Cruelty to animals, also called animal abuse, animal neglect or animal cruelty, is the infliction by omission (animal neglect) or by commission by humans of suffering or harm upon any non-human animal, regardless of whether the act is against the law.|Not sure as im not much into the farming life myself.|I see, did you know that animal cruelty is caused by omission or by commission by humans?|Surely you must be bothered by animal cruelty though, abuse and neglect  or anything that causes suffering or harm to animals, not just farming?|I see, are you aware of the term animal abuse? It is when a human inflicts surffering or harm to non-human animals
People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA ; stylized PeTA) is an American animal rights organization based in Norfolk, Virginia, and led by Ingrid Newkirk, its international president.|Oh yes definitely, its why so many people are vegans these days.|I'm not sure, but I know that People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals is an animal rights organization.||Yes indeed. Have you heard of PETA? It is an American animal rights organization based in norfolk.
EuroBasket, also commonly referred to as the ''European Basketball Championship'', is the main international basketball competition contested biannually by the men's national teams governed by FIBA Europe, the European zone within the International Basketball Federation.|Are you a fan of EuroBasket? I am not, but I like the NBA and hear of Luka Donkic.|I'm a bot, so I can't watch basketball. I know that it's the main international basketball competition contested biannually by the men's national teams.|I have just now found out about this international basketball competition!|I'm a bot, so can't be a fan of things, but I know that it's played every other year by national teams in Europe.
Real Madrid Club de Fútbol (; ''Royal Madrid Football Club''), commonly known as Real Madrid, or simply as Real, is a professional football club based in Madrid, Spain.|Have you heard of Real Madrid?|Yes, it's a professional football club based in Madrid, Spain.|yes! European futbol is something I love to watch! Especially from spain!|Yes, it's a football club located in Madrid, Spain. What do you think about them?
Popularly dubbed ''O Fenômeno'' (The Phenomenon), he is widely considered to be one of the greatest football players of all time.|I really do love their futbol team with Ronaldo. Their EuroBasket team is also good.|Oh, nice. Did you know that he is considered one of the greatest football players of all time?|Yea! Ronaldo is one of the greatest players of all time, but he just got popped for tax evasion!|Yes, he's considered one of the best ever. Do you know anything else about him?
Tax evasion is the illegal evasion of taxes by individuals, corporations, and trusts.|Well, I'd heard he got caught for tax evasion, though I don't really know what that is.|I don't know about that but tax evasion is the illegal evasion of taxes by individuals, corporations, and trusts.|Tax evasion is essentially where you don't pay the taxes that you should, often by sliding numbers around.|Well, tax evasion is essentially where you don't pay the taxes you should.
At his physical peak in the 1990s, Ronaldo starred at club level for Cruzeiro, PSV, Barcelona and Inter Milan.|That sounds dangerous. Is Ronaldo in any legal trouble?|I'm not sure, but he starred at club level for Cruzeiro, PSV, Barcelona, Inter Milan and PSV.|I believe he is, but ronaldo is so famous i think he kinda just paid it and got out. I saw it on the news in the USA. he was in his peak in the 90s|I can't say. I can say that in the 1990s he played for several clubs like Barcelona and Cruzeiro.
Snapple is a brand of tea and juice drinks which is owned by Dr Pepper Snapple Group and based in Plano, Texas.|Ever tried Snapple? I'm not a huge fan of iced tea but it's really good.|I haven't, but I know of Dr Pepper Snapple, who owns it.|I love it. It came from the owners of Dr. Pepper|No, I'm a bot and can't drink. Did you know its owned by the Dr Pepper people?
Snapple is a brand of tea and juice drinks which is owned by Dr Pepper Snapple Group and based in Plano, Texas.|Oh really? I never knew that!|Yes, they're owned by Dr Pepper Snapple Group.|Apparently it is also based in a place called Plano, Texas. There's such a variety of flavors|Apparently it is also based in a place called Plano, Texas. Have you tried any of their flavors?
The company (and brand), which was originally known as Unadulterated Food Products, was founded in 1972.|I've only tried one, how many flavors are there though?|I'm not sure, but the company was founded in 1972.|I think there are something like over 20 varieties. The company was founded in the year 1972.|I don't know, but I do know that the original company was formed back in 1972.
An early apple juice product led to the company's name, Snapple.|Wow, Snapple really has been around for a while! How'd they get their name?|I'm not sure, but they were first known for their apple juice.||The name Snapple stuck after an early apple juice product way back in the history's past, too.
Snapple was founded by Leonard Marsh, Hyman Golden, and Arnold Greenberg in 1972 in Valley Stream, Long Island, New York.|Hmm I always wondered how it got the name. You seem to know so much about Snapple.|Snapple was founded by Leonard Marsh, Hyman Golden, and Arnold Greenberg in 1972.|Thanks! The founder was named Leonard Marsh - some would say he was an innovator.|Thanks! One last fun fact, the company was founded in Long Island by three people.
The common cold, also known simply as a cold, is a viral infectious disease of the upper respiratory tract that primarily affects the nose.|I have the worst cold.  I wish I knew how I caught it.|Oh, that's nice. The common cold is a viral infection that primarily affects the nose.|I hate getting colds, they are usually a viral infection.|That's too bad. Did you know the cold is caused by a virus?
Viruses are found in almost every ecosystem on Earth and are the most abundant type of biological entity.|Does that mean they can, or can not be treated with antibiotics|I'm not sure, but they're found in almost every ecosystem on Earth.|I think they can, it's hard to find the right one. Viruses exists in almost every ecosystem so it's hard to rid yourself of them completely.|I can't say, but I do know that viruses are found pretty much everywhere on the planet. Did you know they are the most numerous biological entity?
Meningitis is an acute inflammation of the protective membranes covering the brain and spinal cord, known collectively as the meninges.|I knew they were common, but that's crazy! Just out of curiosity, do you know anything about meningitis?|Yes, it's an inflammation of the protective membranes covering the spinal cord and brain.|Yep, one of the interesting ones is called meningitis which can affect your spinal cord and brain!|I do! It's an inflammation of some protective membranes on your spinal cord and brain that are called meninges. What else would you like to know?
If a rash is present, it may indicate a particular cause of meningitis; for instance, meningitis caused by meningococcal bacteria may be accompanied by a characteristic rash.|is meningitis viral or bacterial?|I'm not sure, but if a rash is present, it may indicate a particular cause of meningitis.|I think it's bacterial, you know you have it when the rash becomes present, eww!|I don't know in general, but if there is a rash, that is often a sign of bacterial meningitis. What's your experience with rashes?
Chickenpox, also known as varicella, is a highly contagious disease caused by the initial infection with varicella zoster virus (VZV).|That's right, rashes are the worst.  I remember breaking out into hives once|Oh, yeah? Chickenpox is a highly contagious disease caused by the initial infection with a virus called VZV.||Speaking of that, Chickenpox is also called ''varicella'', did you ever have chicken pox growing up?
Kale () or leaf cabbage are certain cultivars of cabbage (''Brassica oleracea'') grown for their edible leaves.|i love eating kale,only had a bite ,it was nice but i dont knowmuch about it|Oh, that's nice. Kale is a type of cabbage grown for edible leaves.||kale is sometimes called leaf cabbage and is a cultivar of cabbage which is grown for its edible leaves
Kales are considered to be closer to wild cabbage than most domesticated forms of ''Brassica oleracea''.|is a type of salad?|I'm not sure, but they are considered to be closer to wild cabbage.|its considered to be closer to wild cabbage, though i know thats hard to believe because when i look at kale i see spinach haha. kale aused to be one of the most common green vegetables in europe a long time ago believe it or not|I don't know about a type of salad. However, kale, our previous topic, is believed to more similar to wild cabbage over many other domesticated cabbages.
It was also used as medicinal food source.|What else about kale can you tell me?|Well, it was also used as a medicinal food source.|well we currently eat kale today now. theyre available in just about all grocery stores. and at one point it was also used as a medicinal food source.|Well, did you know that kale can be used as a medicinal food
Disocorides wrote that it could be used to treat bowel ailments.|thats interesting! what sickness does it cure medically?|I'm not sure, but Disocorides wrote that it could be used to treat bowel ailments.|bowel ailments. i can see that honestly. greens can lead to a happier healthier life!|According to a person named Disocorides, it can be used for bowel treatment.
Kale was brought to North America by the colonists in the 16th century.|Oh I see. That's good to keep in the back of my head. Was kale native to the Americas?|I'm not sure, but it was brought to North America by the colonists in the 16th century.|i want to say europe but im not sure. that would be my best guess based on the fact that it was really common there. but kale was brought to north america inn the 16th century :)|For North America they were not. In fact, colonists brought it over during the 16th century.
h.c. F. Porsche AG, usually shortened to Porsche AG (), is a German automobile manufacturer specializing in high-performance sports cars, SUVs and sedans.|Hello! do you know anything about Porsche's? My boyfriend wants to get one.|I know that Porsche is a German automobile manufacturer.|Porsche is a german auto manufacturer|Well, I know that it's a German auto maker. What else would you like to know?
h.c. F. Porsche AG, usually shortened to Porsche AG (), is a German automobile manufacturer specializing in high-performance sports cars, SUVs and sedans.|He seems to think they are great, but I don’t know about how expensive they are to run or repair.|I'm not sure, but they are a German automobile manufacturer.|Well te\hey make high performance cars, so they tend to be expensive|I can't really say, but they do make high-performance automobiles.
The term suggests a vehicle with higher quality equipment, better performance, more precise construction, comfort, higher design, technologically innovative modern, or features that convey an image, brand, status, or prestige, or any other 'discretionary' feature or combination of them.|Do they need to go to the dealership or a mechanic that specializes in them?|I'm not sure, but the term "car" refers to vehicles with higher quality equipment, better performance, more precise construction, comfort, and more.|Yes, due to their precise construction and higher design|I'm not sure, but they generally are made with very precise construction and have new technologies in them.
A manual transmission, also known as a manual gearbox, stick shift, ''n''-speed manual (where ''n'' is its number of forward gear ratios), standard, MT, or in colloquial U.S. English, a stick (for vehicles with hand-lever shifters), is a type of transmission used in motor vehicle applications.|Do you know about if they are standard of automatic. I can't drive standard and my boyfriend can't either.|I'm not sure, but they are also known as a manual gearbox, stick shift, n'speed manual.|They can be either standard or automatic transmission|I don't really know. I assume by standard, you mean a manual transmission, or a stick shift.
Vikings (Old English: ''wicing''—''pirate'', Danish and ; Swedish and ; , from Old Norse) were Norse seafarers, mainly speaking the Old Norse language, who raided and traded from their Northern European homelands across wide areas of northern, central, eastern and western Europe, during the late 8th to late 11th centuries.|I'm excited to know more about vikings from you|I know that they raided and traded from their Northern European homelands in the late 8th to 11th centuries.|Vikings are Norse seafaring pirates|The Vikings were seafarers. They spoke Old Norse, raided Northern Europe around the 8th to 11th centuries.
Vikings (Old English: ''wicing''—''pirate'', Danish and ; Swedish and ; , from Old Norse) were Norse seafarers, mainly speaking the Old Norse language, who raided and traded from their Northern European homelands across wide areas of northern, central, eastern and western Europe, during the late 8th to late 11th centuries.|Which country are they originally from?|I'm not sure, but they raided and traded from their Northern European homelands in the late 8th to 11th centuries.|Vikings were from Northern European homelands, Denmark and Sweden|They were found in Northern Europe.
Vikings (Old English: ''wicing''—''pirate'', Danish and ; Swedish and ; , from Old Norse) were Norse seafarers, mainly speaking the Old Norse language, who raided and traded from their Northern European homelands across wide areas of northern, central, eastern and western Europe, during the late 8th to late 11th centuries.|Did they have supernatural powers? because I once heard they are quite adventurous|I'm not sure, but they raided and traded from their Northern European homelands in the late 8th to 11th centuries.|I don't think so. Vikings  were strong nordic military power across the west central and eat europe|I do not know about any super powers. They were raiders and traders though.
Vikings (Old English: ''wicing''—''pirate'', Danish and ; Swedish and ; , from Old Norse) were Norse seafarers, mainly speaking the Old Norse language, who raided and traded from their Northern European homelands across wide areas of northern, central, eastern and western Europe, during the late 8th to late 11th centuries.|How far back can we trace their ancestry?|I'm not sure, but Vikings raided and traded from their Northern European homelands in the late 8th to 11th centuries.||It can be traced to the late 8th and late 11th centuries
In their most general form these activities include the production of works of art, the criticism of art, the study of the history of art, and the aesthetic dissemination of art.|I love a variety of art from impressionistic to realism. I am an artist myself as well.  Do you enjoy things like that?|I'm a bot, so I can't do things like that. I know that in their most general form, they include the production of art works, the criticism of art, the study of the history of art, and the dissemination of art.|I am not a fan but I follow up some information about art from production of works of art, the criticism of art, the study of the history of art, and the aesthetic dissemination of art.|As a bot, I don't get to enjoy art. I do know art appreciation includes making, criticism, studying art history, and spreading art. Do you like doing those things?
The history of painting reaches back in time to artifacts from pre-historic humans, and spans all cultures.|I love to paint abstract things from my own imagination. I also like art history.|Interesting, did you know that painting goes back to pre-historic humans?|Maybe I can say i have a little attraction  for painting because The history of painting reaches back in time to artifacts from pre-historic humans|Neat! Studying art history can take you back all the way to pre-historic humanity.
In the history of art, prehistoric art is all art produced in preliterate, prehistorical cultures beginning somewhere in very late geological history, and generally continuing until that culture either develops writing or other methods of record-keeping, or makes significant contact with another culture that has, and that makes some record of major historical events.|Yes, it is amazing to see art that was made at the very beginning of time. I saw a filming of a cave that had animals and people painted all over it. I forget the name of the cave but it was in Egypt.|I see, did you know that prehistoric art is all art produced in preliterate, prehistorical cultures?||It means you like prehistorical arts. They are produced in preliterate, prehistorical cultures beginning somewhere in very late geological history, and generally continuing until that culture either develops writing or other methods of record-keeping
At this point ancient art begins, for the older literate cultures.|I do.  Yes, because in that same came they found the very first primitive beginnings of the alphabet that later morphed into Glyphs, also know as heiroglyphs.|Ah, that's interesting. Ancient art begins for the literate cultures.||Of course yes, there was no literacy back then so ancient art begins for the older literate cultures.
Broccoli has large flower heads, usually green in color, arranged in a tree-like structure branching out from a thick, edible stalk.|I think broccoli is disgusting|I see, did you know broccoli has large flower heads that branch out from an edible stalk?||Oh really? Is it the green color, the tree-like shape, or the thick edible stalk?
Broccoli is often boiled or steamed but may be eaten raw.|It's just so bitter.|Do you like boiled or steamed broccoli?|Well it is bitter if you eat it raw but if you cook it it will become less bitter.|Oh, I hear you.  Do you eat it raw, steamed, or boiled?  That's how it's often eaten.
Broccoli resembles cauliflower, which is a different cultivar group of the same species.|It's mush if it's cooked.|I see, did you know cauliflower is a different cultivar group of the same species?|You can roast it too! Broccoli is really similar to cauliflower, which is a different species.|Oh I see.  Did you know it's the same species as cauliflower?  It's not in the same cultivar group though.
Since the time of the Roman Empire, broccoli has been considered a uniquely valuable food among Italians.|Wow I didn't know that.   I can't stand cauliflower either!  Hey what part of the world eats it most?|I'm not sure, but it's been considered a food of value since the Roman Empire.|You should! Broccoli is considered a valuable food among Italians|Oh, well Italy really values broccoli, and has since the Roman Empire!
Vermont () is a state in the New England region of the northeastern United States.|I've never been to the state of Vermont before, I don't really know much about it either.|Vermont is a state in the New England region of the northeastern US.|im actually in texas right now , i hear vermont is a state in new england region|Oh okay, well I have some information.   It's in a region called New England, in northeastern US.
Lake Champlain forms half of Vermont's western border with New York.|Oh right, it is up there with Maine isn't it? I totally forgot haha.|Yes, it forms half of Vermont's western border with New York.|i hear lake champlain makes up half of vermonts border|Oh I'm not sure.  But New York is on it's western border.
Consisting of Lakes Superior, Michigan, Huron (or Michigan–Huron), Erie, and Ontario, they form the largest group of freshwater lakes on Earth by total area, and second largest by total volume containing 21% of the world's surface fresh water by volume.|Oh okay.  Oh hey what do you know agbout the Great Lakes?|They are the largest group of freshwater lakes on Earth.|dude the great lakes consists of lake superior , michigan, huron, erie and many more|I know that there are five!   Their names are Lake Huron, Lake Superior, Lake Erie, Lake Ontario, and Lake Michigan.  They make up the biggest cluster of freshwater lakes in the world!
Vermont is the second smallest by population and the sixth smallest by area of the 50 U.S. states.|Wow that's something.  Back to Vermont, how big is it?|I'm not sure, but it's the second smallest state in the US.|you sure do , vermont is the 6th smallest area of all the 50 states|Well if you look at all 50 states, it's the 2nd smallest by population.   By area, it's the 6th smallest.
It was ranked as the safest state in the country in 2016.|No wonder I don't know much about it, it must be easy to miss on a map!|It was ranked the safest state in 2016 in the country.|its pretty safe ranked safest state in the country|Hah!  Another fact for you:  in 2016 it was the safest US state!
Canada (; ) is a country located in the northern part of North America.|I spent the summer holiday  in canada,though I dont know much, can you  help out?|Yes, it's located in North America's northern part.||Canada is a country located in north America
Its ten provinces and three territories extend from the Atlantic to the Pacific and northward into the Arctic Ocean, covering , making it the world's second-largest country by total area.|Ok, when was it founded?|I'm not sure, but it's the second largest country in the world by total area.|It has ten provinces and three territories|I don't have that information, sorry. But I know that it has 10 provinces and 3 territories and is the second largest country in the world by area
The majority of the country has a cold or severely cold winter climate, but southern areas are warm in summer.|Nice to know that. What else do you know?|Well, I also know that the majority of the country has a cold winter climate, but the southern areas are warm in the summer.||The country has a severely cold winter climate
Beginning in the 16th century, the British and French established colonies, the first being the colony of Canada established by France in 1535.|How about  their immigration  laws?|I'm not sure, but the British and French established colonies in the 16th century.|It has an open immigration policy. Canada was established by France in 1535|I don't have much information about that. DIdi you know that canada was established in 1535 by france?
Beginning in the 16th century, the British and French established colonies, the first being the colony of Canada established by France in 1535.|Ok, do they have a president or Prime Minister?|I'm not sure, but the British and French established colonies in the 16th century.|It was jointly established by Britain and France.PM|I can't confirm you that. Did you know that france and great britain established colonies during the 16th century?
In 2005, at age 18, Kesha was signed to Kemosabe Records.|I like Kesha's music a lot and consider her to one of the best artists of all time. Have you heard of her?|I know that she was signed by Kemosabe in 2005.|Of course yes. Who does not know the American singer signed to Kemosabe Records at age 18|I know some facts about her. Did you know that Kesha signed with Kemoshabe records when she was 18?
Her first major success came in early 2009 after she featured on American rapper Flo Rida's number-one single ''Right Round''.|I had no idea. What was her first success?|Her first major success came in 2009 after she featured on "Right Round" by Flo Rida.|That was when he featured in ''Right Round''. with American rapper Flo Rida's|Well, the first major success of hers was when she was featured on Right Round
Kesha Rose Sebert ( ; born March 1, 1987; formerly stylized as Ke$ha) is an American singer, songwriter, actress and rapper.|Okay. Whats her real name though?|I'm not sure, but she's an American singer, rapper, and actress.||Kesha Rose Sebert and she was born in  March 1, 1987
Kesha's music and image propelled her to immediate success, with her debut album ''Animal'' premiering at the top of the charts in several countries.|Thats right. What was her debut album again? I couldn't stop listening to it.|I'm not sure, but her debut album was Animal.||It was called Animal. and after releasing the album, her  music and image propelled her to immediate success
A follower of either the diet or the philosophy is known as a vegan ( ).|I want to discuss veganism with you. Veganism is the abstaining from eating any parts of animals.|I see, did you know that vegans are either the diet or the philosophy?||if you follow the philosopy of veganism you would be known as a vegan
''Dietary vegans'' (or strict vegetarians) refrain from consuming animal products, not only meat but also eggs, dairy products and other animal-derived substances.|That is true. Vegans are known to live long and healthy lives.|I see, so you don't eat any animal products, like eggs or dairy?|Maybe that is because they refrain from consuming animal products, so they eat less fat|Yeah, and they actually don't consume animal products as well, if they are dietary vegans
Distinctions are sometimes made between several categories of veganism.|I believe that would definitely have a positive effect on their health. They also will eat less of the antibiotics factory farms use on their livestock.|I see, did you know that there are different categories of veganism?|A very positive thing, and between all the categories of veganism, there is a lot of choice.|I agree. There is also distinctions between the categories of veganism
Vegaphobia (or vegephobia) is the aversion to and discrimination against vegetarian and vegan people.|There is indeed flexibility depending on the moral or religious views of the practicing vegan.|I see, did you know that vegephobia is the discrimination and aversion to vegans and vegetarians?|Just as long as you don't have vegaphobia, a fear of vegan people.|Yeah, and there is also something called vegaphobia, which is aversion or discrimination against people that are vegan and vegetarian
Some beaches have man-made infrastructure, such as lifeguard posts, changing rooms, and showers.|The beach is one of my favorite vacation spots!|Nice, do you have man-made infrastructures like lifeguard posts or showers?|Mine too! I prefer the ones that have  lifeguard posts, changing rooms, and showers.|Oh is it!  I understand some beaches have showers, changing rooms, lifeguard posts, and other man-made infrastructure.
Wild beaches, also known as undeveloped or undiscovered beaches, are not developed in this manner.|Yes they make the time at the beach a little more comfortable.|I see, did you know that wild beaches are not developed in this way?|I also like the wild beaches because they are undeveloped or undiscovered and are usually quite beautiful|Nice.  Have you been to a wild beach?  They are undeveloped.
Wild beaches can be valued for their untouched beauty and preserved nature.|I have never heart of a wild beach. Tell me more.|Well, wild beaches can be valued for their untouched beauty and their preserved nature.|They are great for their beauty and preserved nature, which is really quite lovely!|Okay, well they have preserved nature and a beauty that is untouched.
They may also have hospitality venues (such as resorts, camps, hotels, and restaurants) nearby.|Are they safe to be on and visit?|I'm not sure, but they can have places like resorts, camps, hotels and restaurants nearby.|They may not be safe because they don't have resorts, camps, hotels or restaurants nearby|I don't know.  Wild beaches might have hotels, restaurants and other hospitality venues nearby.
Gabrielle Bonheur ''Coco'' Chanel (19 August 1883 – 10 January 1971) was a French fashion designer and businesswoman.|Hey! What can you tell me about Coco Chanel?|Well, I know that she was a French fashion designer and businesswoman.||Hi, she was a french fashion designer that was born in 1883
Gabrielle Bonheur ''Coco'' Chanel (19 August 1883 – 10 January 1971) was a French fashion designer and businesswoman.|I'm thinking she passed away, right?|I'm not sure, but she was a French fashion designer.|Yes, that true. Her real name is Gabrielle Bonheur and she died in 1971|Yes, she has. Her real name was Gabrielle Bonheur Chanel and she died in 1971
She was the founder and namesake of the Chanel brand.|I didn't know she didn't use her real name. What else can you tell me about her?|Well, I also know that she was the founder and namesake of the Chanel brand.|She is the founder of the famous Chanel fashion brand|I can tell you that she founded the Chanel brand
Her signature scent, Chanel No.|It's nice and very expensive brand.|Oh, I see. Chanel No. It's a signature scent.|Yes. Chanel is into jewelry and women clothing. Her signature perfume is the Chanel No 5|Yeah. Did you know that her signature scent was Chanel No. ?
5, has become an iconic product.|I'm sure it smells very nice on a woman|I see, did you know that 5 is an iconic product?|Yes, Chanel No 5 smells very well and it's an iconic perfume|Yes, and it is also an iconic product
Blue is one of the three primary colours of pigments in painting and traditional colour theory, as well as in the RGB colour model.|My favorite color is blue.|Oh, cool! Blue is one of the primary colors in the RGB color model.|Same! Blue is one of the three primary colours.|Interesting. Did you know that it is a primary color in the RGB model?
It lies between violet and green on the spectrum of visible light.|I did not. I am trying to recall, where does blue fall on the spectrum of visible light|It lies between green and violet on the spectrum of visible light.||It is right between violet and green
The eye perceives blue when observing light with a dominant wavelength between approximately 450 and 495 nanometres.|What is another interesting fact about the color blue?|I'm not sure, but the eye perceives blue when it's observing light with a dominant wavelength between 450 and 495 nanometres.||Well with blue  The eye perceives blue when observing light with a dominant wavelength between 450 and 495 nanpmetres.
Most blues contain a slight mixture of other colors; azure contains some green, while ultramarine contains some violet.|Wow, that is way above my head. When I think of colors, I basically just think of what I can see, but its crazy there are a lot more to it then '' hey, there is the color blue''|Oh, that's nice. Most blues have a mixture of other colors.|Well most people dont know this but blue almost always contain green or yellow in it.|Yeah, another interesting fact is that a lot of blues are made up of mixtures of colors, like azure that has some green in it
Purple is a color intermediate between blue and red.|My favorite color is purple, do you know much about that color?|I know that purple is an intermediate color between red and blue.|I don't know much about the color except that it is an intermediate color between blue and red. I do like it though.|Well, I know that the purple color is located between red and blue
According to surveys in Europe and the U.S., purple is the color most often associated with royalty, magic, mystery and piety.|Oh that's cool, do you know if purple had any historical uses?|I'm not sure, but it's the color most often associated with magic, royalty, and mystery.|I would say that it was useful in draping the past Royalty of Europe and other countries, as well as many magician's ensembles.|I don't know much about historical uses, but I know that it is associated with magic, royalty and even piety often
It is similar to violet, but unlike violet, which is a spectral color with its own wavelength on the visible spectrum of light, purple is a composite color made by combining red and blue.|Wow that's really neat. Do you know what wavelengths of light purple occurs at?|I'm not sure, but violet is similar to violet, but violet has its own wavelength on the visible light spectrum.||I'm not sure exactly what wavelengths it occurs at. I do know that purple is similar to violet but unlike that spectral color it is a composite color.
Purple is a color intermediate between blue and red.|What exactly is a composite color, can you explain that a bit more?|Purple is an intermediate between blue and red.|Composite means that purple is a simple color made by combining red and blue. Violet is different because it's spectral.|I don't have more information about that. But I know that purple is a intermediate color between red and blue
Pig farming is the raising and breeding of domestic pigs as livestock, and is a branch of animal husbandry.|Hi,what do you know about big farming?|Well, I know that pig farming is a branch of animal husbandry.|Pig are primarily farmed just so they can be eaten by humans.  How sad but true.|I know that it involves raising and breeding pigs. What else would you like to know?
In developed nations, commercial farms house thousands of pigs in climate-controlled buildings.|OK,But there are some cultural and religion that detested eating pork meat .Is that true?|I'm not sure, but in developed nations, commercial farms house thousands of pigs in climate-controlled buildings.|I think the quakers detest it in Utah.  To think in other nations thousands of pigs are housed in such terrible conditions.  I can't imagine being a pig.|I don't know, but I know that commercial farms keep pigs by the thousands in climate-controlled housing. What do you think of that?
Pigs have been farmed to dispose of municipal garbage on a large scale.|That's interesting. Is it true pigs will eat garbage?|I'm not sure, but they've been farmed to dispose of municipal garbage on a large scale.|Pigs have also gotten farmed just for the sole purpose of disposing of municipal garbage at the largest scale|Yes, pigs have also been farmed to get rid of municipal garbage. Speaking of eating, do you eat pork?
Pigs are a popular form of livestock, with more than one billion pigs butchered each year worldwide, 100 million of them in the USA.|Yes, but I have muslim friends that don't eat pork meat. They are also called swine. Do you know how many pigs are butchered for food?|I'm not sure, but over 1 billion pigs are butchered worldwide, 100 million of them in the US.|I had no clue muslims don't eat swine.  More  than 1 billion pigs are butchered each year.  100 million butchered in the USA.|Well, about 1 billion pigs worldwide are butchered, and about 100 million in America.
The majority of pigs are used for human food but also supply skin, fat and other materials for use as clothing, ingredients for processed foods, cosmetics, and medical use.|Well pig meat is my favorite. Though they must be kept in hygienic conditions. As opposed to the ones that dine is swamps.|That's nice. Pigs are mostly used for human food, but they also supply skin, fat, and other materials for use as clothing.|Oh I love bacon from pigs the most and they are used for skin products, fats used for clothing, ingredients for foods, cosmetics and even medical uses.|I see, pigs are also used for clothing and cosmetics, and even for medical use.
Unlike guardianship or other systems designed for the care of the young, adoption is intended to effect a permanent change in status and as such requires societal recognition, either through legal or religious sanction.|Have you ever known anyone who has been adopted? I just recently met a girl who was and I would have never been able to tell.|I have not but I know that adoption is intended to effect a permanent change in status.|I actually know several families who have adopted children. It's really awesome to see how a permanent home benefits the children|I do not. But speaking of adoption, did you know that adoption requires recognition from society ?
Adoption can be done by a couple or an individual person but children have to be 14 years younger and the adoptive parents can not have been legally incapacitated.|Definitely! I know that she wasn't able to find a permanent home up until Senior year in high school and that must be rough for kids to go through.|I see, well the kids have to be 14 years old and the parents can't have been incapacitated legally.|I can imagine. What's interesting is that while most kids are adopted by couples, an individual can adopt under certain circumstances and if the child is at least 14 years younger|I see. An interesting fact is that a couple or just an individual can adopt , but the kid has to be fourteen years younger
Adoption is a process whereby a person assumes the parenting of another, usually a child, from that person's biological or legal parent or parents, and, in so doing, permanently transfers all rights and responsibilities, along with filiation, from the biological parent or parents.|That's interesting, I've never known that. It's also true that once they turn 18, they are no longer allowed in the program, right?|I'm not sure, but adoption is a process whereby a person assumes the parenting of another, usually a child, from that person's biological or legal parent or parents.|A girl I was friends with growing up was adopted even after she was 18. She wasn't in the system. but the family that adopted her did it more for the legal reasons because they wanted her to be their daughter officially|I am not sure about that. I know that through adoption a person tranfers all responsabilities and rights, as well as the filiation from the parents that are biological
Adoption is a process whereby a person assumes the parenting of another, usually a child, from that person's biological or legal parent or parents, and, in so doing, permanently transfers all rights and responsibilities, along with filiation, from the biological parent or parents.|Very interesting. What else do you know ?|Well, I also know that adoption is a process whereby a person assumes the parenting of another, usually a child, from that person's biological or legal parent or parents.|I would say that's probably true for those in the foster care system. Adoption tends to bring more stability though since the child will be there permanently.|Well, I also know that the person adopting assumes the role of parent of a child usually, and the tranference is permanent
A first date is a type of initial meeting between two individuals, whether or not previously acquainted, where an effort is made to ask, plan, and organize some sort of social activity, with the goals ranging from forming a friendship, finding a romantic or sexual partner for a short period, to finding a long-term spouse.|Do you like the whole dating process? I find it tiring, but also fun.|I'm a bot, so I can't really have an opinion about dating. I know that a first date is a type of initial meeting between two individuals, or perhaps not, where an effort is made to ask, plan, and organize some sort of social activity.|I guess today technology with Tinder and other online apps dating should have been easier but it has only gotten more tedious. Thankfully I don't have to stress with that myself buy my friends do.|Bots don't date. But I know all about it, it is the initial meeting two individuals have.
Tinder was released in September 12, 2012 by founders Sean Ra, Jonathan Badeen, Justin Mateen, Joe Munoz, Dinesh Moorjani, Chris Gylczynski, and Whitney Wolfe.|Yep, I meet a lot of people to date on tinder|Tinder was released in September 12, 2012 by Sean Ra, Jonathan Badeen, Justin Mateen, Joe Munoz, Dinesh Moorjani, Chris Gylczynski, and Whitney Wolfe.|Unfortunately true as most persons are not looking for meaningful relationships but just hookups. Can you believe its jus tbeen 6 years since Tinder cam eout in 2012! It seems it has been around much longer|Interesting. Did you know that tinder came out in 2012?
It is a form of courtship, consisting of social activities done by the couple, either alone or with others.|It has been so long! What else can you tell me about dating ?|Well, I can tell you that dating is a form of courtship, consisting of social activities done by the couple, either alone or with others.|I guess my courtship may seem archaic to many today. My husband and I had chaperone and he even asked my parents for permissions to marry. Getting to know each other in fun settings|Well, I know that a courtship form might consist of social activities that the couple do.
Courtship is the period in a couple's relationship which precedes their engagement and marriage, or establishment of an agreed relationship of a more enduring kind.|That sounds really interesting and much different than what people go through today. I suppose there would be pros and cons to that type of relationship.|I see, did you know that courtship is the period in a couple's relationship that precedes engagement and marriage?|No relationship is perfect but a courtship based on respecting boundaries while getting to know each other before marriage have resulted in a strong relationship for the past 18 years.|Yeah, the period preceding the engagement of a couple is called courtship
Traditionally, in the case of a formal engagement, it has been perceived that it is the role of a male to actively ''court'' or ''woo'' a female, thus encouraging her to understand him and her receptiveness to a proposal of marriage.|Good to know that. I love to woo guys|I see, did you know that traditionally in a formal engagement, it is perceived that it is the role of a male to ''court'' or ''woo'' a female?|More traditional values and courting practices can still work today. It is a refreshing change to a persone who had a long line of casual hookups. It doesn;t mean the male has to do all the courting but just be respectful of yourself and others.|Interesting, traditionally, the male has the role of courting or wooing the female
The Ford F-Series is a series of light-duty trucks and medium-duty trucks (Class 2-7) that have been marketed and manufactured by Ford Motor Company since 1948.|Do you know much about ford trucks?|Yes, the Ford F-Series is a series of light-duty trucks and medium-duty trucks.||Yes I do!  The Ford trucks (or F-series) is a series of light-duty trucks and medium duty trucks that have been manufactured by Ford Motor Company.
The Ford F-Series Super Duty (often shortened to Ford Super Duty) is a series of trucks manufactured by Ford Motor Company.|Are they durable as other trucks?|I'm not sure, but they are made by Ford Motor Company.|Definitely - if you want the heavy duty trucks, the Ford F-Series Super Duty is the one you would like to buy.  It has a heavier-duty bodywork to ensure that it can work in any tough conditions.  Are you looking to buy a car?|I can't confirm you that. But I know that the Ford Motor Company is the one manufacturing the Ford F-series
The most popular version of the F-Series is the F-150, now in its thirteenth generation.|Good. I would love to buy the F-150|I see, did you know the F-150 is now in its thirteenth generation?|While that is a good idea - sometimes a truck can provide you more benefits that a smaller compact car just can't.    You should look into the most popular version of the F-Series, F-150.|Interesting. Did you know that the F-150 is the most popular F-Series version?
As of the 2017 model year, the F-Series includes the F-150, the Super Duty (F-250 through F-550), and F-650 and F-750 Super Duty medium-duty commercial trucks.|That's why I want one! What else the F-series has?|Well, the F-series has the F-150, the Super Duty, and the F-650 and F-750.|Yep - and that's why the F-150 would be best for you.  It is a smaller truck and more gas efficient but still gives you the power of a truck for towing capacity.  I would not recommend the other trucks (F-250 through F-550).|Well, I know that the F-150, F-250 through F-550, F-650 and F-750 were included in the F-series as of 2017
Skateboarding is an action sport which involves riding and performing tricks using a skateboard.|I used to love skateboarding as a child of the 90s. Im so glad it is still around today.|Cool, did you know that skateboarding is an action sport?|Oh, yes, skateboarding is my favorite action sport. Do you still do it today?|So, were you able to perform any tricks with your skateboard?
Since the 1970s, skateparks have been constructed specifically for use by skateboarders, Freestyle BMXers, aggressive skaters, and very recently, scooters.|I used to but not so much anymore. I may break something. Skateboarding has been around since at least the 1970's|Yeah, skateparks have been constructed specifically for skateboarders, freestyle BMXers, aggressive skaters, and even scooters.||Oh, haha, I get you. And yes, since the 1970s, skateparks have been constructed specifically for use by skateboards. Did you ever use one of these skateparks when you were younger?
Since the 1970s, skateparks have been constructed specifically for use by skateboarders, Freestyle BMXers, aggressive skaters, and very recently, scooters.|There was one a few towns over. Do people use skateboards for different reasons other than skate parks?|I'm not sure, but they've been made specifically for skateboarders, aggressive skaters, and even scooters.||Oh, yes. There's skateparks for Freestyle BMXers, agressive skaters, and scooters. Although scooter parks came very recently
Crate scooters preceded skateboards, having a wooden crate attached to the nose (front of the board), which formed rudimentary handlebars.|That is very cool. Do you know where skateboarding was first invented?|I'm not sure, but I know that skateboards had a crate attached to the nose, which formed rudimentary handlebars.||I don't, however, I do know that a crate scooter preceded skateboards. They were just a wooden crate attached to the nose of a board which formed handlebars!
Public housing is priced well below the market rate, allowing people to live in more convenient locations rather than move away from the city in search of lower rents.|I grew in a project public housing|That's nice. Public housing is priced well below the market rate, so you can live in more convenient locations instead of moving away from the city.|That can be rough. I am happy that this program exists in order to provide cheaper housing to the lower income population.|Interesting. This type of housing has a price below the rate of the market and allows people to live more conveniently
Income inequality in the United States has increased significantly since the 1970s after several decades of stability, meaning the share of the nation's income received by higher income households has increased.|Yes, but it is not enough. The life in there is rough|I see, did you know that the US' income inequality has increased significantly since the 1970s?|I believe that a lot of this issue stems from income inequality. Most of the poor are the working poor. You shouldn't work full time and not be able to afford the necessities.|I see. Did you know that income inequality has increased in the US since the 1970s?
However, the bottom 50% of families, representing 62 million households, average $11,000 net worth.|That is what the government needs to look into|I see, well the bottom 50% of families, who are 62 million households, have $11,000 in net worth.|The income gap is growing The bottom 50% of families average a net worth of $11,000 while the top 1% continue to rake in bigger profits. It's not sustainable.|Yes. The ottom half of the families average on only a 11,000 dollars net worth.
Income tax rates applied to various income levels and tax expenditures (i.e., deductions, exemptions, and preferential rates that modify the outcome of the rate structure) primarily drive how market results are redistributed to impact the after-tax inequality.|What is needed to be done is another tax structure|I'm not sure, but the tax rates are applied to various income levels and tax expenditures.|I agree. I believe that the solution is to close the loopholes so that the very rich and mega corporations are paying their fair share. I've seen corporations pay a 0% tax rate.|Yeah, the market results that are redistributed are driven by income tax rates
Strong evidence indicates that children whose parents get divorced experience significant psychological and social difficulties.|What do you think about divorce? My parents are divorced.|I don't have an opinion about divorce. I know that strong evidence indicates that children whose parents get divorced experience significant social and psychological difficulties.|I'm sorry to hear that. I don't think it's good for the children according to studies they have psychological issues.|I see, I Know that kids from divorced parents may experience social and psychological difficulties
It is the ''psychological state of someone who is functioning at a satisfactory level of emotional and behavioural adjustment''.|Thanks yeah it was a bit rough on me as a kid but I think I turned out ok. Both of my parents seem happy so I think it was the right move.|I see, did you know that it is the psychological state of someone functioning at a satisfactory level of emotional and behavioural adjustment?|It's good that you were able to achieve functional mental health, and a satisfactory level of adjustment. Also, some people stay married for the worse, so good that your parents moved on ok. Are you married now?|That's good. People can functionate at a level of behavioural and emotional adjustment that is satisfactory
Related concepts are eudaimonia, happiness, flourishing, quality of life, contentment, and meaningful life.|I am actually. I learned a lot from my parents about how important it is to find a compatible partner.|That's great! There are related concepts like happiness, quality of life, and more.|Good not to make the same mistakes. The well-being factor of marriage is quite a big one related to happiness, and overall quality of life.|That is important. eudimonia, flourishing, happiness, contentment and quality of like are some related concepts
Well-being is a much-studied topic in psychology, especially positive psychology.|Yeah I'm really hoping to not follow in their footsteps. Are you married? Any advice?|I'm a bot, so I can't do that. I know that well-being is a topic of psychology that is much-studied.|Yes I'm married. My advice is find common ground in everything from decor, to food, to you name it.  All of these well-being factors are studied in psychology, and very beneficial.|As I am a bot that would not be posible. But it is important to notice that Well-being is studied a lot in positive psychology
Fertility factors are determinants of the number of children that an individual is likely to have.|I grew up with 8 older siblings, pretty crazy right? I think it has something to do with a fertility factor, but I have no idea what that is really, can you explain it?|Yes, fertility factors are determinants of the number of children that an individual is likely to have.|Whoa 8!!! Fertility factor has to do with how likely a person is to have children.|Hey sure!  Fertility factors can determine the likely number of children a person will have.
Fertility factors are mostly positive or negative correlations without certain causations.|Hmm I see.  Do they cause that prediction of the number of kids?|I'm not sure, but I know that there are positive or negative correlations that are not due to certain causations.|Yes she did.  Fertility factors  is based on a lot of things.|Well no, they are mainly correlations, either positive or negative.
Factors generally associated with increased fertility include the intention to have children, very high gender equality, religiosity, inter-generational transmission of values, marriage and cohabitation, maternal and social support, rural residence, and pro family government programs.|Alright, can you elaborate on what some of those things are?|I can't say but there are factors associated with increased fertility, like the intention to have children, religiousity, and other factors.||Things like child intentions, cohabitation, social support among other things.
Support can come from many sources, such as family, friends, pets, neighbors, coworkers, organizations, etc.|That seems reasonable, if you have a good support network you're probably more willing to have kids because people will be around to take care of them.|Yeah, and support can come from many sources, like family, friends, neighbors, and other things.|True.  Social support can come from family, co-workers, friends and even pets.|Could be so!  Support can be provided by family, friends, coworkers, neighbors, organizations and even pets.
The Miniature Pinscher (Zwergpinscher or Min Pin) is a small breed of dog originating from Germany.|I certainly get social support from my pet, he's a miniature pinscher and I love him very much.|Oh, nice. Did you know that the Miniature Pinscher is a small breed of dog?|Yes those German dog breeds are very social and very cute I might ad.|Oh nice!  That's a small breed originally from Germany, right?
A kiss is the touch or pressing of one's lips against another person or an object.|have you ever kissed a girl?|No, I'm a bot, so I can't kiss. I know that kisses are the pressing of the lips against another person or an object.|I have.  A kiss is the touch or pressing of one's lips against another|No, as a bot I don't have lips to press against something. Have you?
Cultural connotations of kissing vary widely.|i haven't, i guess it's just something you have to do to learn?|I'm not sure, but cultural connotations of kissing vary a lot.||Yeah the Cultural connotation are very differnt depending on where you live
Depending on the culture and context, a kiss can express sentiments of love, passion, romance, sexual attraction, sexual activity, sexual arousal, affection, respect, greeting, friendship, peace, and good luck, among many others.|oh really. like eskimo kisses?|I'm not sure, but kisses can express feelings of love, passion, romance, and other things.|yeah those ones are fun.  Depending on the culture and context, a kiss can express sentiments of love, passion, romance|I don't know what Eskimo kisses are, but I mean a kiss could express love, romance, sexual arousal, or just good luck!
Anthropologists are divided into two schools on the origins of kissing, one believing that it is instinctual and intuitive and the other that it evolved from what is known as ''kiss feeding'', a process used by mothers to feed their infants by passing chewed food to their babies' mouths.|i hear ya. european guys kiss each other|Oh, kissing is a process that mothers use to feed their babies by passing chewed food to their mouths.|I have heard that Anthropologists are divided into two schools on the origins of kissing, one believing that it is instinctual and intuitive and the other that it evolved from what is known as ''kiss feeding|That's interesting. It seems anthropologist differ on how kissing came about. One side things it's instinctual, and others think it has to do with mothers essentially "kissing" their babies to feed them.
In some situations, a kiss is a ritual, formal or symbolic gesture indicating devotion, respect, or sacrament.|oh wow. i like the first theory better|I see, did you know that kisses are rituals, gestures, or respect?|Lol well In some situations, a kiss is a ritual, formal or symbolic gesture|I see, well in some situations, kissing is part of a formal ritual.
Obesity in the United States has been increasingly cited as a major health issue in recent decades, resulting in diseases such as coronary heart disease that lead to mortality.|hello how are you? are you aware of the obesity epidemic in the united states?|I'm not aware of the epidemic, but obesity has been cited as a major health issue in the US in recent decades.||Yes I am aware, the epidemic has been classified as a major health issue that leads to several secondary diseases.
An obese person in America incurs an average of $1,429 more in medical expenses annually.|that is sad. what can be done to help?|I'm not sure, but I know that an obese person incurs $1,429 more in medical expenses annually.|I think education is the biggest factor if we want to change the way this epidemic is playing out.  It would be wise to start out telling people how much extra this disease is costing them, on average american spend approximately 1400$ a year on obesity related ailments.|I don't know but I do know that it costs an obese person $1,429 more for medical expenses in America. What are your ideas?
The United States contains one of the highest percentage of obese people in the world.|Education is important. I think kids need to be taught about the dangers from a young age. There is so much obesity in America.|I see, well the US has one of the highest percentages of obese people in the world.|Kids are most susceptible to obesity.  Kids in the US have the highest rates of obesity worldwide, educating them while they are young is key to beating this.|Indeed, the US has one of the largest obesity rates in the world.
The overweight percentages for the overall US population are higher reaching 39.4% in 1997, 44.5% in 2004, 56.6% in 2007, and 63.8% (adults) and 17% (children) in 2008.|It is really sad to see kinds so young struggling with health issues. Do you know how many obese people there are in the US?|I'm not sure, but the overall US population has a higher number of obese people.|Its not only kids that have to be concerned about obesity.  In 2008 64% of adults have been reported as obese.|In the 2008 about 64% of adults and 17% of children were overweight, I don't know the rates for obesity, though.
An animal shelter or pound is a place where stray, lost, abandoned or surrendered animals, mostly dogs and cats, and sometimes sick or wounded wildlife are kept and rehabilitated.|I am so grateful for animal shelters - the no-kill ones. Those poor wee creatures - how could anyone abandon them?!|I'm not sure, but they are places where stray, lost, abandoned or surrendered animals are kept and rehabilitated.|They usually take all kinds, stray, lost, abandoned or surrendered and sometimes sick or wounded wildlife.  Our local shelter is a no-kill one.|I see, in animal shelters surrendered or abandoned animals and even wounded or sick wildlife can be rehabilitaded
Some shelters even have sick tropical animals.|Amazing, please tell me more|Some shelters even have sick tropical animals.|Ours is a pretty good size, my girls have volunteered there quite a bit and they will even have some sick tropical animals from time to time.|Sure, there are shelters that have tropical animals
One of the earliest comprehensive measures was the ''Georgia Animal Protection Act'' of 1986.|That is so wonderful. My neighbors just adopted an adorable dog from our place. She seems to be a lab-Dalmatian mix.|Oh, that's nice. One of the earliest comprehensive measures was the "Georgia Animal Protection Act" in 1986.|I'm glad to live in a state that has the Georgia Animal Protection Act - it was in response to inhumane treatment of animals at a pet chain store here in Atlanta.|Yeah. Have you heard of a Animal protection Act from georgia? it came out in 1986
The word ''pound'' had its origins in the animal pounds of agricultural communities, where stray livestock would be penned or impounded until claimed by their owners.|Good for Georgia. I wish North Carolina would do the same. Anyone caught abusing an animal should go to jail, imho. Now I want to go to the shelter!|Oh, that's nice. The word "pound" came from the animal pounds of agricultural communities.|I'm really glad they don't call them pounds any more - we've adopted all of our dogs from a shelter or a rescue.  I'll never buy another animal|I see, did you know that the term pound originated in agricultural communities animal pounds ?
It has historically been used as a geographical, cultural, and later religious identifier for people indigenous to South Asia.|I have been interested in the hindu religion but dont know much about it.|I know that hindu religion has been used as a geographical, cultural, and later religious identifier for people indigenous to South Asia.||Well the term Hinduism, has historically been used simply to designate people indigenous to South Asia.
Hindu () refers to any person who regards themselves as culturally, ethnically, or religiously adhering to aspects of Hinduism.|Are there a lot of Hindus?|I'm not sure, but Hindus are people who consider themselves as culturally, ethnically, or religiously adhering to aspects of Hinduism.|Well it is tought to specify just how many people would consider themselves Hindu.  Hindu can mean several things, such as just affiliating themselves culturally, ethnically, or lastly religiously.|I don't have information about that, but I know that a person who adheres to Hinduism aspects can be referred as Hindu
Although Hinduism contains a broad range of philosophies, it is linked by shared concepts, recognisable rituals, cosmology, shared textual resources, and pilgrimage to sacred sites.|Oh I did not know that. Anything else you can educate me on about Hinduism?|Well, Hinduism has a wide range of philosophies, but it is linked by shared concepts, recognisable rituals, cosmology, and pilgrimage to sacred sites.|Well in keeping with our theme, Hinduism contains a broad range of philosophies.  There are many concepts, rituals and pilgramages that are shared amongst different thought processes.|Well, I can tell you that there are a large range of philosophies contained in Hinduism
Starting with the Persian and Greek references to the land of the Indus in the 1st millennium BCE through the texts of the medieval era, the term Hindu implied a geographic, ethnic or cultural identifier for people living in the Indian subcontinent around or beyond the Sindhu (Indus) river.|How long has Hinduism been practiced for?|I'm not sure, but I know that Hindus started with the Persian and Greek references to the Indus land in the 1st millennium BCE.|Well the term Hindy initally just described the people living in the Indian subontinent around the Sindhu river.  It wasn't until the 16th century though that the term began to refer to people who weren't Turkic or Muslims.|I am not sure about that. But I know that there are references dating back to the first millennium BCE of a land of indus
A roller coaster is a type of amusement ride that employs a form of elevated railroad track designed with tight turns, steep slopes, and sometimes inversions.|I love riding roller coasters.|Oh, cool! They're designed with tight turns, steep slopes, and sometimes inversions.|I love amusement rides. Especially the ones with steep slopes and tight turns.|Interesting. Those ate amusement rides with steep slopes, tight turns and even inversions sometimes
Some roller coasters, notably wild mouse roller coasters, run with single cars.|Yep. That would be a roller coaster.|Yeah, some of them are wild mouse roller coasters.|Six flags has a roller coaster called the Wild Mouse and it runs with a single car instead of attached trains.|Exactly. Have you ever been to a roller coarter that have single cars ?
Most roller coasters have multiple cars in which passengers sit and are restrained.|That sounds really fun. I would love to try it.|Cool, did you know that most roller coasters have multiple cars?|Most roller coasters have a lot of seats that more than a few passengers can sit and are restrained with safety harnesses.|Yes, but the majority of roller coasters have more than one car
Roller coaster phobia has been linked to previously experiencing an accident, vertigo, and fear of heights.|That is true. Many people have roller coaster phobia though|I see, did you know that roller coaster phobia has been linked to previous accidents, vertigos, and fear of heights?|Do you have roller coaster phobia? Have you previously experienced an accident or are you afraid of heights?|Yeah, that can be linked to experiencing vertigo or accidents previously
Hip hop fashion complements the expressions and attitudes of hip hop culture in general.|Hey, I've been very passionate about becoming a fashion designer over the past few years, whats your favorite designer brands?|I'm a bot, so I can't wear clothes. I know that hip hop fashion complements the expressions and attitudes of hip hop culture.|Anything hip hop because it complements attitudes and just the culture.|As I am a bot I don't have favorites. Do you like hip hop fashion ? It complements attitudes and expressions of the hip hop culture
Alexander McQueen brand was founded by designer Alexander McQueen in 1992.|I agree, a lot of hip hop artists have recently started wearing more designer branded clothing. What do you think about Alexander Mcqueen?|I'm a bot, so I don't have opinions on Alexander McQueen. What I know is that Alexander McQueen was founded in 1992.|Alexander is cool.  It was founded by 1992.|Well, I know that he founded the homonymous brand in 1992
She was the founder and namesake of the Chanel brand.|I wish one day to be as good of a designer like Alexander or even Coco Chanel.|Oh, OK. She was the founder and namesake of the Chanel brand.|I like Coco Chanel products too. She made Chanel stuff.|I see. Speaking of Coco Chanel, did you know that she was the one who founded Chanel?
5 is the first perfume launched by French couturier Gabrielle ''Coco'' Chanel.|I new that, I would say Chanel has to be my favorite brand. I love both their products and how the business is run.|Oh, cool! Chanel launched the first perfume by Gabrielle "Coco" Chanel.|Chanel 5 was the first perfume and I still wear it|Yeah, do you wear the perfume lauched by coco chanel?
Prince Rogers Nelson (June 7, 1958 – April 21, 2016) was an American singer, songwriter, record producer, multi-instrumentalist, actor, and director.|do you know prince the musician?|Yes, he was an American singer, songwriter, record producer, actor, and director.||Are you referring to Prince Rogers, who was an  American singer?
He was known for his eclectic work, flamboyant stage presence, extravagant dress and makeup, and wide vocal range.|yes, Prince Rogers, do you know about him?|Yes, he was known for his eclectic work, his stage presence, his extravagant dress and makeup, and his wide vocal range.|Yes, I vividly remember that he was known for his eclectic work, flamboyant stage presence, extravagant dress and makeup!|Yes, he is known for his varied work, his flamboyant stage presence, and his dress and makeup. What else would you like to know?
His 1979 album ''Prince'' went platinum, and his next three records—''Dirty Mind'' (1980), ''Controversy'' (1981), and ''1999'' (1982)—continued his success, showcasing Prince's prominently sexual lyrics and blending of funk, dance, and rock music.|ok, so how many albums did he have?|I'm not sure, but his 1979 album went platinum.|He sold over 100 million records worldwide across many albums, including his 1979 album ''Prince''|I don't know how many albums he put out total, but by 1982, he'd released four.
His 1979 album ''Prince'' went platinum, and his next three records—''Dirty Mind'' (1980), ''Controversy'' (1981), and ''1999'' (1982)—continued his success, showcasing Prince's prominently sexual lyrics and blending of funk, dance, and rock music.|really, what was his favourite song?|I'm not sure, but his 1979 album went platinum.|His hit single ''Purple Rain'' was most people's favorite, with a blending of funk, dance, and rock music.|I don't know what his favorite song was, but his album "Prince" in 1979 went platinum.
Red Hot Chili Peppers are an American funk rock band formed in Los Angeles in 1983.|wow, i think i will love to get his songs, do you still listen to his songs?|I can't listen to music, being a bot, but I know that they're a funk rock band.|Not really, I listen to mostly other stuff nowadays like  Red Hot Chili Peppers, who are an American funk roc|I'm a bot, so can't listen to music. Are you familiar with the American funk band Red Hot Chili Peppers?
Vietnamese cuisine encompasses the foods and beverages of Vietnam, and features a combination of five fundamental tastes (Vietnamese: ''ngũ vị'') in the overall meal.|I like Vietnamese cuisine, particularly Pho and Banh Mi which are popular in America. What about you?|I'm a bot, so I can't eat. I know that Vietnam's food includes the food and beverages of Vietnam.|I like it as well, vietamese cusine ecompasses the foods and beverages of vietnam|I can't eat food because I'm a bot. I can say that Vietnamese food uses combinations of the five fundamental tastes in their meals. Would you like to know more?
Each Vietnamese dish has a distinctive flavor which reflects one or more of these elements.|What are some other examples of vietnamese cuisine?|I'm not sure, but each Vietnamese dish has a distinctive flavor that reflects one or more of the elements.|Another example or fact is that each dish has a distincitve flavor which reflects one or more elements|I don't have any examples right now, but I can say that each Vietnamese dish uses one or more such taste elements.
Common ingredients include fish sauce, shrimp paste, soy sauce, rice, fresh herbs, fruit and vegetables.|Cool, do you know what other cuisines influenced Vietnamese cuisine?|I don't know but common ingredients include fish sauce, shrimp paste, rice, fresh herbs, and fruits.||Not much information on that but i found the main ingredients include fish sauce, shrimp, paste, and soy
Pho is a popular street food in Vietnam and the specialty of a number of restaurant chains around the world.|Do you know the history of pho, a vietnamese soup?|Yes, it's a popular street food in Vietnam.|Yeah pho is a popular street food in vietnam and the specialty of a number of chains around the world|Not much of the history, but I know that pho is popular as a street food in their country, and in restaurants all over the world.
In developing countries, motorcycles are overwhelmingly utilitarian due to lower prices and greater fuel economy.|I prefer riding motorcycles to driving cars.|Oh, cool. Motorcycles are overwhelmingly utilitarian in developing countries due to lower prices.|I agree, they have much better fuel economy among other benefits. They're also more fun!|I see. Did you know they're much more practical in developing nations? It's thanks to being cheaper and having better fuel milage.
Motorcycle design varies greatly to suit a range of different purposes: long distance travel, commuting, cruising, sport including racing, and off-road riding.|Oh really? That may explain why I see Asia countries have a lot of bikes. Do the bike forms matter in how they are used?|I'm not sure, but the design of bikes can suit different purposes, like long distance travel, commuting, cruising, and more.|Yeah, it would be a blast to do a motorcycle race.|Yes. In fact, they are quite different to suit different uses like commuting to sport related racing or off-road riding.
Motorcycling is riding a motorcycle and related social activity such as joining a motorcycle club and attending motorcycle rallies.|I see. Is there a term for people who ride?|I'm not sure, but I know that motorcycle rallies are related social activities.|A motorcycle rally wold be fun as well.|Yes. The term is known as motorcycling and there are related activities to it as well like clubs and rallies for motorcycles.
The Republic of Texas Biker Rally is held each June in Austin, Texas and attracts over 200,000 bikers to the state capitol.|Oh I see. Are there any notable rallies for motorcyclers?|I'm not sure, but the Biker Rally is held in Austin, Texas each June.|The biggest one is in Austin TX and attracts over 200k bikers! That sounds like a blast.|There is one held in Austin, Texas yearly in June. Over 200,000 motorcycles riders attend it.
Of all the motorcycles in the world, 58% are in the Asia-Pacific and Southern and Eastern Asia regions, excluding car-centric Japan.|That's incredible|Of the motorcycles in the world, 58% are in the Asia-Pacific and Eastern Asia regions.|I'm surprised there aren't any in Asia. They have over half of the world's motorcycles.|Another thing that is interesting to know is that 58% of all motorcycles can be found in East and Southern Asia, as well as the Pacific areas.
Reality television is a genre of television programming that documents supposedly unscripted real-life situations, and often features an otherwise unknown cast of individuals who are typically not professional actors, although in some shows celebrities may participate.|I was on a reality tv show once, I auditioned for American Idol.|Oh, that's nice. Did you know that reality television is a genre of television programming?|Thats fun Reality TV is great. I like how it is real-life situations and no one is professional.|That's interesting. So does that mean you are not a professional actor?
The genre has various standard tropes, including ''confessionals'' (also called ''talking heads'' or ''interview segments'') used by cast members to express their thoughts, which often double as the shows' narration.|No, and that is what I love about it. What else can you tell me about reality TV?|Well, I also know that the genre has various standard tropes, like confessionals, which are used by cast members to express their thoughts.|I like Big Brother. Another thing I like about reality shows is that they usually have confessionals. I like to hear their thoughts.|Well, I can say that they have sections called "confessionals," which act like the show's narration. Do you like those parts?
It differs from documentary television in that the focus tends to be on drama, personal conflict, and entertainment rather than educating viewers.|I love the diary room sessions on Big Brother! They're always crying or doing something overdramatic lol|Oh, that's nice. Do you watch documentary television? It's focused on drama, entertainment, and personal conflict.||Oh yeah. Reality TV tends to focus on the personal conflicts and drama, rather than trying to educate like a documentary.
In competition-based reality shows, a notable subset, there are other common elements such as one participant being eliminated per episode, a panel of judges, and the concept of ''immunity from elimination.''|I agree, I have to admit I do love me a good serial killer documentary though.|I see, did you know that there are other common elements in reality shows like elimination of one participant per episode?|Same. I also like competition-based reality show. I like to root for certain people to avoid being eliminating.|Oh, that's interesting. Getting back to reality shows, are you familiar with the competition-style ones, where people get eliminated by judges?
It then exploded as a phenomenon in the late 1990s and early 2000s with the global success of the series ''Survivor'', ''Idols'', and ''Big Brother''.|Yes, in fact I was just watching Big Brother last night! I didn't want the blonde girl to win that competition but she did! I was so mad!|Oh, that's cool. Did you watch the series "Survivor"?|I was rooting for her. I like how some of the most popular reality shows have been on since the 1990s like Big Brother and Survivor. This was when reality tv was taking off.|Too bad! Speaking of Big Brother, it's one of the first successes in reality shows during the 1990s and 2000s.
A bagel ( '; ), also spelled beigel, is a bread product originating in the Jewish communities of Poland.|Have you ever made bagels, it's quite fun!|No, I'm a bot, so I can't make bagels. I know that they're a bread product from Poland.|I've made bread before, but never bagels! Could you tell me more about the process?|I am a bot so that would be imposible for me. Did you know that begels are originally from communities of Jews in Poland?
Bagels are often topped with seeds baked on the outer crust, with the traditional ones being poppy or sesame seeds.|I had no clue. What else do you know about bagels ?|Well, I also know that they are often topped with seeds baked on the outer crust.||Ah, and I've also heard that they're topped with seeds. Which seeds do you like to use?
The seeds are used, whole or ground, as an ingredient in many foods - especially in pastry and bread, and they are pressed to yield poppyseed oil.|Sesame seeds are my favorite topping.|Oh, nice. They are used as an ingredient in many foods.|Have you heard of poppy seeds? They're also a pretty great and widely used topping.|Yeah, have you ever heard of poppyseed oil? It is yielded from pressed seeds
A bagel ( '; ), also spelled beigel, is a bread product originating in the Jewish communities of Poland.|I have, they are great as well!|Ah, they're a bread product from Poland.|Do you know where bagels originated?|Great. Did you know that bagel is sometimes also spelled beigel?
A bagel ( '; ), also spelled beigel, is a bread product originating in the Jewish communities of Poland.|I never heard of it.|Ah, I see. It's a bread product from Poland.|It's surprising, but they're actually from Jewish communities in Poland.|I see, and they are actually a bread product
The domestic dog (''Canis lupus familiaris'' or ''Canis familiaris'') is a member of the genus ''Canis'' (canines), which forms part of the wolf-like canids, and is the most widely abundant terrestrial carnivore.|Ive always loved dogs, ever since i was little.|Oh, nice. Dogs are part of the genus Canis familiaris.|I love dogs as well! I have a Lab named Davey. I learned in school that dogs are called Canis lupus familiaris in genus|Oh cool.  Did you know that Canis lupus familiaris is the formal term for the domestic dog?
The dog was the first species to be domesticated and has been selectively bred over millennia for various behaviors, sensory capabilities, and physical attributes.|That is a long name for a dog. I used to have a yorkie. I owned her for 7 years and had a baby. She started getting really depressed, although I was trying to spend time with her. I ended up adopting her out to an older lady who had all the time in the world for her. She is happy now!|That's nice. Dogs were the first domesticated species.|That is amazing! I remember when I was in vet school we learned the dog was the first species to be domesticated|Oh, nice!  Another fact about dogs is that over millenia they have been selectively bred, for various sensory capabilities, behaviors, and physical attributes.
New research seems to show that dogs have mutations to equivalent genetic regions in humans where changes are known to trigger high sociability and somewhat reduced intelligence.|Hmm that makes sense.  Has there been any recent research about dogs that you are aware of?|I have not, but I know that dogs have mutations in genetic regions that are similar to humans.|It is a lot of fun helping animals. We just got some research that sugest that dogs have mutations based on where they live just like people|Yes there has been.  It shows that dogs, like humans, have genetic mutations that can trigger high sociability.
Their long association with humans has led dogs to be uniquely attuned to human behavior and they are able to thrive on a starch-rich diet that would be inadequate for other canid species.|Is that so? Is that research that is still under going?|I'm not sure, but dogs have a long association with humans. They are able to thrive on a starch-rich diet that would be inadequate for other canid species.|It is but I guess it is true dogs are man best friend. Their long association with humans has led dogs to be uniquely attuned to human behavior .|I don't know.  I do know that beacause they have been associated with humans for so long, dogs are attuned to human behaviour, which is quite unique.
Mortal Kombat is a video game franchise originally developed by Midway Games' Chicago studio in 1992.|Hi, have you ever seen the movie mortal combat?|No, I'm a bot and can't watch movies. I know that Mortal Kombat was originally developed by Midway Games' Chicago studio.|Yes i have seen it! based on the video game mortal kombat developed by midway game,s Chicao studio in 1992|No, I'm a bot and can't watch movies. But I know of the video game franchise that first came out in 1992. Have you seen it?
Sonya Blade is a video game character in the ''Mortal Kombat'' fighting game franchise from Midway Games.|Yes, I have. My favorite character was Mileena. What do you know of the characters in the games?|I know of Sonya Blade, which is a character from the "Mortal Kombat" fighting game franchise.|Mileena was cool! my favorite was Snoya Blade she is a character in the mortal kombat fighting game!|I know of Sonya Blade. She was in the games. Are  you familiar with her?
Her goal in most of the games is to pursue and capture Kano, as well as eliminate his criminal syndicate, the Black Dragon.|Yes, I love the fact that Mileena had a ferocious bite. Though Sonya Blade was cool as well.|Oh, yeah? She's trying to capture Kano, and also eliminate the Black Dragon, a criminal syndicate.|Yes i loved sonya blade because her goal in most of games is to pursue and capture Kano! an to eliminate the black dragon!|In addition, Sonya Blade would try to capture Kano and to eliminate Black Dragon.
He is one of the series' original characters, having made his debut in ''Mortal Kombat'' in 1992.|That's true, Kano was a real bad guy.|He was one of the original characters of the series.|I hated Kano! he oficcially debuted in 1992, he is an original character!|Interesting. He's also an original character found in the first game. What do you think of him?
In the 2011 series reboot, he additionally poses as a crooked Special Forces informant and serves as Kahn's arms dealer.|I hate him! Who doesn't?|I'm not sure, but he was the original one in 2011 and was a Special Forces informant.|The Mortal Kombat series had a reboot in 2011, and added a crooked special forces informant for kano!|Who indeed. Did you know the series was rebooted in 2011, and Kano was made into a Special Forces informant?
Players take responsibility for acting out these roles within a narrative, either through literal acting or through a process of structured decision-making or character development.|I love role playing games! It is so fun to just let go and be someone else for a bit.|I see, did you know that the players take responsibility for acting out the roles within a narrative?|I like it because you can even do it through literal acting|Neat! Do you do literal acting in your role playing?
Dungeons & Dragons (abbreviated as D&D or DnD) is a fantasy tabletop role-playing game (RPG) originally designed by Gary Gygax and Dave Arneson.|No, but I know you can. There are many different types of role playing games out there. Dungeons and Dragons is a popular one.|I see, did you know they were originally designed by Gary Gygax and Dave Arneson?||Oh yes! That's one of the table top role-playing game.
Many role-playing video games have origins in tabletop role-playing games (Including ''Dungeons & Dragons'') and use much of the same , settings and game mechanics.|Yes. I've never actually played that one before. I am more into the computer RPG's like World of Warcraft and Final Fantasy.|I see, did you know that role-playing video games have origins in tabletop role-playing games?|Many of the role-playing video games had origins as table top games|Oh, OK. Did you know a lot of those role playing video games have their origins in tabletop games?
Eastern role-playing video games are role-playing video games developed in East Asia.|Oh really? I wasn't aware of that. I wonder who created the first role playing game.|I'm not sure, but I know that role-playing video games are developed in East Asia.|I'm not sure but most were developed in East Asia|I'm not sure, but I know there are Eastern role-playing games that are made in Asia.
Following Wyman's departure in 1993, Darryl Jones joined as their touring bassist.|The Rolling Stones were such a great band.|Oh, they were great! Did you know that Darryl Jones joined the band after Wyman's departure in 1993?|They still are. I saw them in concert a few years ago for the 11th time since 1993 when Darryl Jones joined the band.|Interesting. Do you think they're still a great band after Darryl Jones replaced Wyman in 1993?
The Rolling Stones were at the forefront of the British Invasion of bands that became popular in the United States in 1964, and identified with the youthful and rebellious counterculture of the 1960s.|I think they're still good, but I just meant they were so notable in history.|Yeah, they were at the forefront of the British Invasion of bands that became popular in the US in 1964.|They were the rebellious counterculture of the 1960s, like the Anti Beatles and so much better then Beatles|Yes, they were one of the first British Invasion bands and were associated with the 1960s counterculture.
The Beatles were an English rock band formed in Liverpool in 1960.|Yeah, they were great. Of course, one of my all time favorite bands is The Beatles!|They were formed in 1960 in Liverpool.|The Beatles are the worst thing to come out of Liverpool if not all of the UK.|Ah, yes. Did you know they were from Liverpool?
Touring keyboardists for the band have been Nicky Hopkins (1967–1982), Ian McLagan (1978–1981), Billy Preston (through the mid-1970s) and Chuck Leavell (1982–present).|I did! Getting back to the Stones, do you know anything about their keyboardists?|Yes, they have been Nicky Hopkins, Ian McLagan, Billy Preston, and Chuck Leavell.|Brown Sugar gets me moving. How about you? They were the best when they were in the Nicky Hopkins  era.|I know they've had a few over the years. Their current touring keyboardist is Chuck Leavell.
The Beatles built their reputation playing clubs in Liverpool and Hamburg over a three-year period from 1960, with Stuart Sutcliffe initially serving as bass player.|hello, i do like the band, the Beatles|Cool, did you know they built their reputation as a club player?|Yes, the Beatles are great! It's amazing how they built their reputation by playing in clubs in Liverpool and Hamburg.|The Beatles?  Did you know that from 1960, over a 3 year period, they built their reputation by playing clubs?
The Beatles were an English rock band formed in Liverpool in 1960.|i must been amazing to watch them in a small club|They were an English rock band formed in Liverpool in 1960.|I know, that must have been a neat experience! Since they formed the band in 1960 I wasn't even born yet to go haha.|Yeah.  Their rock band started in Liverpool, England.
Manager Brian Epstein moulded them into a professional act, and producer George Martin guided and developed their recordings, greatly expanding the group's popularity in the United Kingdom after their first hit, ''Love Me Do'', in late 1962.|What was their first hit?|They were hit in 1962, "Love Me Do".|Defenitly! They had a great manager Brian Esptein and producer George Martin. I'm sure that helped them grow!|Oh that was Love Me Do.   That was in 1962.
The core trio of Lennon, McCartney and Harrison went through a succession of drummers, including Pete Best, before asking Starr to join them in 1962.|Oh I know that song.  Who were the members again, I forget their names.|I'm not sure, but the core trio of Harrison, McCartney, and Lennon went through a succession of drummers before asking Starr to join them in 1962.|Yes, they started of as s trio too and then Starr was asked to join the group in 1962. He must feel so lucky now to be asked to be part of an iconic group.|Well hey, that was Harrison, McCartney and Lennon, plus a few different drummers.  The drummer Starr joined them in 1962.
Minecraft is a sandbox video game created and designed by Swedish game designer Markus ''Notch'' Persson, and later fully developed and published by Mojang.|Hey there, are you a minecraft fan?|I'm a bot, so I can't play video games. I know that Markus Persson created and designed Minecraft.|Minecraft is a video game designed by Swedish game designer named Markus Perrson that was later improved on by Mojang. It's super fun!|As a bot, I can't be a fan of it, but I know that Minecraft was originally designed by Markus Persson and later by Mojang. Do you play?
The creative and building aspects of ''Minecraft'' allow players to build with a variety of different cubes in a 3D procedurally generated world.|My nephew loves the game but I must admit that half the time I have no idea what he is doing.|I'm not sure, but the creative and building aspects of "Minecraft" allow players to build with a variety of cubes in a 3D procedurally generated world.|Yeah my nephew loves it too. He spends half the day playing it. The part about building stuff allows players to build with cubes in a 3d environment.|Well, it has creative aspects to it and allows you to build things with lots of different types of cubes.
Multiple gameplay modes are available, including a survival mode where the player must acquire resources to build the world and maintain health, a creative mode where players have unlimited resources to build with and the ability to fly, an adventure mode where players can play custom maps created by other players, and a spectator mode where players can freely move throughout a world without being affected by gravity or collisions.|Nice. I guess I'm not sure what the point of it is. Maybe that's why it's just a game.|There are several modes of gameplay, like survival mode, where the player must acquire resources to build the world, and creative mode where the players have unlimited resources to build with and the ability to fly.||There's a bunch of different mode to play in. There's a survival mode, a creative mode where you can fly, and an adventure mode where you can play maps designed by others. Then there's a spectator mode where the laws of physics don't exist haha.
The PC version of the game is noted for its modding scene, where users create new gameplay mechanics, items, and assets for the game.|Oh, I didn't realize all that. I do like that it's not a violent game. Well, that's what my nephew says anyway.|Yeah, the PC version is noted for its modding scene, where users create new gameplay mechanics, items, and assets for the game.||The PC version of Minecraft lets players use mods (modifications). That's where players can create new mechanics/physics, items and other assets in the game.
Blackjack, also known as twenty-one, is a comparing card game between usually several players and a dealer, where each player in turn competes against the dealer, but players do not play against each other.|Hello there, are you familiar with any card games?|No, I'm a bot and can't play cards. I know that blackjack is a comparing card game between a dealer and a few players.|Hello!  I've played a bit of blackjack in Las Vegas and some Indian casinos.  I'm not terrible, but sometimes I can make a bad decision or two.|Oh hello!  Well I know about blackjack, it's also called twenty one.  There's usually a dealer and several players.   The players compete against the dealer, one at a time.  The players don't compete against each other.
Card counters are a class of advantage players, who attempt to decrease the inherent casino house edge by keeping a running tally of all high and low valued cards seen by the player.|Nice, I like blackjack as well because I'm a dealer, I'm still not a master though|I see, did you know that card counters are a class of advantage players?|Cool!  My aunt was a dealer for a long time.  Ever catch anyone counting cards or anything like that?  I imagine it's pretty tough.|Cool!  Have you seen card counters?  They try to reduce the casino house edge, and they do that by keeping count of all the high and low cards they see.
Blackjack, also known as twenty-one, is a comparing card game between usually several players and a dealer, where each player in turn competes against the dealer, but players do not play against each other.|Yes, people can be very sly and others can be downright obvious. The job is especially tough if the boss ever thinks you're conspiring.|I see, did you know that blackjack is a comparing card game between a dealer and a few players?|Oh I'll bet.  I was a pretty small time player, have been ever since I was 22 and in Las Vegas for my first trip ''of age''.  I think I lost about $1200 in one night of blackjack.  They kept giving me drinks too, haha!  Ever since then I don't have the guts to lose much.|So are you a blackjack dealer then, or do you deal for other games?
Online gambling (or Internet gambling) includes poker, casinos and sports betting.|I'm a blackjack dealer.  Do you know anything about online gambling?|I know that online gambling includes casinos, poker, and sports betting.|I've tried some online poker as well, back when it wasn't really regulated.  I did OK, but some of my friends got WAY into it and lost a ton of money.|Oh sure.  It's also called Internet gambling.  It can include poker, sports betting and casinos!
Unlike most lettuces, it is tolerant of heat.|I do not care for romaine lettuce at all.|Oh, that's nice. It's tolerant to heat, unlike most lettuces.|Why but i like the fact that  it is tolerant of heat,  Unlike most lettuces|Oh?  Did you know it's tolerant of heat though, unlike most lettuces?
The thick ribs, especially on the older outer leaves, should have a milky fluid which gives the romaine the typically fine-bitter herb taste.|I just have never cared for romaine lettuce. Something about the taste. I was not aware it was tolerant of heat. Do you know anything else interesting about it?|I know that the thick ribs should have a milky fluid that gives the romaine the fine-bitter herb taste.|What about the milky fluid which gives the romaine the typically fine-bitter herb taste.|Well, you know that fine-bitter herb flavour it has?  It's because of the milky fluid in the thick ribs.
The thick ribs, especially on the older outer leaves, should have a milky fluid which gives the romaine the typically fine-bitter herb taste.|I was not aware that is where it got the bitter taste but I think that is what I do not like. I do know that it is the usual lettuce used in Caesar salad. That is about all I know about romaine lettuce.|Well, the thick ribs on the outer leaves should have a milky fluid that gives the romaine the fine-bitter herb taste.|Yes that is it. You should pay attention to the  thick ribs, especially on the older outer leaves|Well I can tell you that the bitter taste is especially found on the ribs of the outer leaves, which are older.
Romaine is a common salad green, and is the usual lettuce used in Caesar salad.|Hmm good to know.  What's it used for mostly?|Romaine is the usual lettuce used in Caesar salad.|Yes that is why it is a common salad green, and is the usual lettuce used in Caesar salad.|Oh, well it's commonly used as a salad green.
The economic, social, and political aspects of immigration have caused controversy regarding ethnicity, economic benefits, jobs for non-immigrants, settlement patterns, impact on upward social mobility, crime, and voting behavior.|My mother is an immigrant from Saudi Arabia. I fear they might deport her.|I see, did you know that immigration has caused controversy over ethnicity, economic benefits, jobs for non-immigrants, and other aspects of it?|I understand. Immigration here in the United States has caused controversy lately in the political aspect.|I understand. Immigration has aspects that have caused some controversy regarding things like ethnicity, jobs and economic benefits as well
The United States has a larger immigrant population than any other country, with 47 million immigrants as of 2015.|Yes, I also worry about the possible deportation of all other immigrants here as well. Do you know how many immigrants are in the US?|I'm not sure, but the US has a larger immigrant population than any other country.|I wouldnt fear too much. From my understanding on immigration to the United States there are around 47 million immigrants.|I see. I know htat there were 47 million immigrants in the US as of 2015
It has been a major source of population growth and cultural change throughout much of the history of the United States.|The refuges might get killed if they go back to their countries. How many immigrants in the US are refugees?|I'm not sure, but it's been a major source of population growth and cultural change throughout the US.|Im not entirely sure but I am in favor of immigration to the United States. We owe a lot of our cultural change and diversity to ever growing country.|I am not sure about that information. But I know that it caused cultural change and population grownth in the US thoughour its history
The Civil Rights Movement led to the replacement of these ethnic quotas with per-country limits.|What about crime? How does allowing immigrants into the US affect the crime rates?|I'm not sure, but the Civil Rights Movement replaced ethnic quotas with per-country limits.|Thanks to the Civil Rights Movement, immigration to the United States is not as strict as it was before. Because of this I believe crime is not as high as others my say.|I am not sure about that also. But I know that ethnic quotas were replaced due to the Movement of civil rights
A pet or companion animal is an animal kept primarily for a person's company, protection, or entertainment rather than as a working animal, livestock, or laboratory animal.|I love dogs and cats.|Oh, nice. Do you like pets? They're companion animals for entertainment, protection, or company.|A pet is a great companion especially for an older person. It is great company. It can also be used for working also.|Interesting. Did you know that a pet is kept mainly for company, entertainment and protection?
Members of the immediate family may include spouses, parents, brothers, sisters, sons, and daughters.|I tought it was all about company. My pet is like my family.|Oh, nice. I know that members of the immediate family can include spouses, parents, brothers, sisters, and daughters.|My son and daughter love to take our dog for walks. It is a family tradition and keeps us close.|I see. Immediate family might include, parents, apouses, sisters and brothers, sons and also daughters
''The Simpsons'' includes a large array of supporting characters: co-workers, teachers, family friends, extended relatives, townspeople, local celebrities, fictional characters within the show, and even animals.|Nice, I walk my dog at least once a day.|Oh, nice. The Simpsons has a large array of supporting characters.|I like watching the dog on ''The Simpsons''. He is funny along with the family and friends.|I see, did you know tha the show The simpsons also feature animals among the supporting characters ?
The series is a satirical depiction of working-class life, epitomized by the Simpson family, which consists of Homer, Marge, Bart, Lisa, and Maggie.|I love The Simpsons.|Oh, really? I know that the Simpson family consists of Homer, Bart, Bart, and Maggie.|Bart is so funny on The Simpsons also. They all make me laugh.|Yeah, the series depicts working-class life in a satirical way
The Simpsons Movie is a 2007 American animated comedy film based on the Fox television series ''The Simpsons''.|I have seen every single episode.|Oh, that's nice. Did you know that The Simpsons Movie was based on the Fox TV series?||Have you ever seen The Simpsons movie?
Running is a type of gait characterized by an aerial phase in which all feet are above the ground (though there are exceptions).|Every morning I get up and go for a run. It's a great way to start the day.|Oh, cool! Running is an aerial phase where all feet are above the ground.|Really? I've been looking to get my feet above the ground. What time do you go in mornings?|Interesting. Did you know that during running there is a phase when all feet don't touch the ground?
The term running can refer to any of a variety of speeds ranging from jogging to sprinting.|Yes, what else do you know about running ?|Well, I also know that running can refer to any of the different speeds, from jogging to sprinting.|The term can describe jogging to sprinting. That is very dedicated and sounds really healthy. I am a bit lazy having had to run so much for my soccer team growing up.|Well, I also know that the term running refers to speeds ranging from sprinting to jogging
Competitive running grew out of religious festivals in various areas.|I defiantly prefer jogging. I'm a little to big to be sprinting but I'm working on it. I can't imagine all the running a soccer game would require.|I see, did you know that competitive running grew out of religious festivals in various areas?|Really? I was reading that competitive running grew out of religious festivals, funny. You make me wanna go out there though again!|I see. What about competitive running? It came from religious festivals
Running has been described as the world's most accessible sport.|Wow that must be a crazy religious festival. I can't imagine having to go running at church.|I see, well it's considered the most accessible sport in the world.|It's the world's most accessibly sport. I guess you can really run anywehre.|Yeah. The most accessible sport in the world is actually running
Taste is the sensation produced when a substance in the mouth reacts chemically with taste receptor cells located on taste buds in the oral cavity, mostly on the tongue.|I love spicy foods that kick is what makes the food great.|Oh, cool! Did you know that the taste receptor cells on the tongue are located on the taste buds?|I agree. I love the way spices make my food taste.|Sounds good. Did you know that the sentation of taste is produced when a chemical reaction occurs on taste buds located the the oral cavity?
Curry dishes prepared in the southern states of India may be spiced with leaves from the curry tree.|I am a doctor so I knew about that. I love curry|Do you like curry dishes prepared in the southern states of India?||Curry! Found in many Indian dishes. It comes from the curry leaves.
Traditional meals have ancient origins, such as bread and cheese, roasted and stewed meats, meat and game pies, boiled vegetables and broths, and freshwater and saltwater fish.|I love curry shrimp so good I love habaneros  its a dry chili pepper super hot but good on wings lol.|Oh, cool! Traditional meals have ancient origins, like bread and cheese, roasted and stewed meats, boiled vegetables and broths, and freshwater and saltwater fish.|Nice! I also like english cuisine. Like breads and different cheeses.|Nice. Did you know that meals that are traditional have ancient origins? Like bread and cheese for exemple
Italian cuisine is food typical from Italy.|I had no clue.I like fresh french bread from the bakery and I slice it and make this fresh garlic baked chicken. I also love italian food|Oh, that's nice. Italian cuisine is food from Italy.|Cool. That sounds like it would go well with some Italian food.|Cool. Food that is typical from italy is makes up italian cuisine
Produced in various breweries around the world, Budweiser is a filtered beer available in draft and packaged forms.|I think Budweiser taste terrible. Have you ever had it?|No, I'm a bot, so I can't drink. I know it's made in a variety of breweries around the world.|Yes, and I love it!  It's a filtered beer, and it comes in either draft or packaged forms|Nope!  I know that it's made in various breweries in different countries.  And that it's a filtered beer, and Budweiser can be either draft or packaged.
In the European Union, excluding the United Kingdom, Republic of Ireland, Sweden, Finland and Spain, the American beer is marketed as ''Bud'', as the Budweiser trademark name is owned solely by the Czech beer maker, Budweiser Budvar.|Yeah? From my understanding they are called ''Bud'' over in Europe because they have been in a trademark dispute with another beer company.|I see, did you know that in the European Union, the American beer is marketed as "Bud"?||Yes, that's true because the trademark name of Budweiser is own by the Czech beer maker, Budweiser Budvar
Budweiser () is an American-style pale lager produced by Anheuser-Busch, currently part of the transnational corporation Anheuser-Busch InBev.|Ah I thought so. I'm not a big fan of theirs because I feel like the beer is really weak and watered down.|Oh, that's too bad. Budweiser is made by Anheuser-Busch.|Compared to Canadian beer, I guess it is!  It is a pale lager though, and is produced by Anheuser-Busch|Oh I see.  Did you know it's produced by Anheuser-Busch?  It's American-style, and is a pale lager.
It is made with up to 30% rice in addition to hops and barley malt.|Ah my favorite kind of beer are the stouts. Like a nice milk or chocolate stout with a much larger alcohol content.|Oh, that's nice. Did you know that it's made with up to 30% rice?|That sounds yummy!  Interestingly, Budweiser is made with hops and barley malt, with  up to 30% rice as well|Oh really?  Another thing, did you know that Budweiser is produced with up to thirty percent rice added to the barley malt and hops?
In 1876, Adolphus Busch and his friend Carl Conrad, a liquor importer, developed a ''Bohemian-style'' lager in the United States, inspired after a trip to the region.|Oh I didn't know they used rice in their beer. I figured that was all barley, wheat and hops.|Yeah, and in 1876, a liquor importer and his friend developed a ''Bohemian-style'' lager in the US.||Yes, and it is a Bohemian-style lager developed by Adolphus Busch and his friend Carl Conrad
The term ''primal cut'' is quite different from ''prime cut'', used to characterize cuts considered to be of higher quality.|i like beef on occasions especially in pasta|Do you mean "primal cut"? It's different from "prime cut" and is used to characterize cuts that are considered to be of higher quality.|Beef is yummy! Prime cuts are high quality and primal cuts are even higher quality then prime cuts!|Interesting. Do you ever eat prime cut ? It is different from primal cut and means the cut has a higher quality
Since the animal's legs and neck muscles do the most work, they are the toughest; the meat becomes more tender as distance from ''hoof and horn'' increases.|prime cuts and primal are my favorite. have you ever tried to substitute beef recipes with turkey? I heard its better for you?|I have not, but I know that the legs and neck muscles of the animal do the most work.||As in put turkey in place of beef or the other way around? I know that the cows legs and neck are the toughest part
Cuts of beef are first divided into primal cuts, pieces of meat initially separated from the carcass during butchering.|yes replace beef with turkey. have you ever? and i didnt know that. but i dont eat meat from the neck. we get ours from the butcher to make sure we dont eat those parts|I haven't, but I know that cut beef is divided into primal cuts.|Oh okay I see. Im not fond of the ground version of the meat so I dont like ground turkey either lol. I have never been to a butcher but I know that cuts of beef are initally seperated from the carcass during the butchering|I see. Did you know that the pieaces of meat that are initially detached from the carcass are the primal cuts ?
Beef carcasses are split along the axis of symmetry into ''halves'', then across into front and back ''quarters'' (forequarters and hindquarters).|I had no idea. What else can you tell me about the carcasses ?|Well, I can tell you that they are split along the axis of symmetry into "halves" and then across into "quarters" and "forequarters".|I will! I read a book once about how they do it, they split it along the axis into halves and then into quarters. Also, yes I do like regular turkey!|Well, I know that the carcass is divided into halves and then into quarters
Alexa is an intelligent personal assistant developed by Amazon, first used in the Amazon Echo and the Amazon Echo Dot devices developed by Amazon Lab126.|I'm considering buying the Amazon Echo, but don't know much about it.|Well, Alexa is an intelligent personal assistant developed by Amazon.|I'm not sure on the echo but I use the Amazon Alexa which is similar they both are like personal assistant devices.|Well, I know that the echo devices are a development of Amazon Lab126
The first-generation Echo was initially limited to Amazon Prime members or by invitation, but became widely available in the United States on June 23, 2015.|When did the echo first debut?|I'm not sure, but the first-generation Echo was initially limited to Amazon Prime members or by invitation.|It became available worldwide in June 2015. What will you be using the echo for if deciding to purchase one?|I know that it became available widely in the US on 2015
The device is capable of voice interaction, music playback, making to-do lists, setting alarms, streaming podcasts, playing audiobooks, and providing weather, traffic and other real-time information.|It's quite recent. What else do you know?|Well, I also know that the device can provide real-time information like weather, traffic, and other things.|So what made you just decide I want a echo? Some features I use my Alexa for is music streaming, alarms reminders things like that.|Well I also know that it is capable of music playback, voice interaction, setting alarms, paying audiobooks and other things
Amazon Echo (shortened and referred to as Echo) is a brand of smart speakers developed by Amazon.com.|I just hear about it a lot in the media and I like to stay updated with new technology? Do I have to be an Amazon Prime user to purchase one?|I'm not sure, but I know that Amazon is a brand of smart speakers.|No it is more of a smart speaker with Amazon where a to Amazon prime is a membership for shipping from Amazon.|I am not sure about that. But I know that it is a brand and is developed by amazon.com
When something is private to a ''person'', it usually means that something is inherently special or sensitive to them.|Are there any privacy concerns I should know about when using the device?|I'm not sure, but when someone is private, it usually means something is inherently special to them.|With the Echo no your privacy is well covered privacy issues is only a concern when you are protecting your information through social media etc the echo is strictly a speaker voice assistant.|I can't confirm that to you. Sensitive and inherently special things are the things that a person consider private usually
The peanut, also known as the groundnut and the goober and taxonomically classified as Arachis hypogaea, is a legume crop grown mainly for its edible seeds.|What are  peanuts|I'm not sure, but they are grown mostly for their edible seeds.|The peanut is a legume- you eat them. They are delicious! I know a lot about them if you have any questions.|Well, as far as I know a peanut is classified as a legume crop
The peanut, also known as the groundnut and the goober and taxonomically classified as Arachis hypogaea, is a legume crop grown mainly for its edible seeds.|Please how do they look like|I'm not sure, but they are grown mostly for their edible seeds.|They are round and grow in shells. There is a sphere that is the goober and a small piece on top called the groundnut|I am not sure about that. But I kow that they are grown for the edible seed mainly
It is classified as both a grain legume and, because of its high oil content, an oil crop.|Interesting. What else do you know?|Well, I also know that it's classified as a grain legume and also an oil crop because of its high oil content.|So it a legume- which means that it's very solid and kind of oily. It is like a combination of a garbanzo bean and an almond.|Well, I also know that is is classified as an oil crop and grain legume as well
World annual production of shelled peanuts was 42 million tonnes in 2014.|Interesting I think I will like to see them and taste them|Interesting, did you know that in 2014, the production of shelled peanuts was 42 million tonnes?|World production of peanuts was 42 million tonnes just 4 years ago, so you should be able to find some!|Nice. Did you know that in 2014 the shelled peanuts world annual production was 42000000 tonnes
It is classified as both a grain legume and, because of its high oil content, an oil crop.|OK what could possibly be the production in the next 2 years|I'm not sure, but it's classified as a grain legume and, because of its high oil content, an oil crop.|Since the production of peanuts was 42 million tonnes in 2014 and the plan is classified as both a grain legume and a high oil content crop so it's probably increasing!|I am not sure about that. But another fact I know about them it that it is an oil crop because it has a high oil content
Cosmetics are substances or products used to enhance or alter the appearance or fragrance of the body.|I use a sophisticated make up brand|Oh, nice! Cosmetics are substances or products used to enhance or alter the appearance or fragrance of the body.|It is good to use cosmetics to enhance  the appearance or fragrance of the body.|Oh I see.  I know that cosmetics can enhance or change the fragrance or appearance of the body.
A brand is a name, term, design, symbol, or other feature that distinguishes an organization or product from its rivals in the eyes of the customer.|What's your brand of cosmetics?|I'm a bot, so I don't have cosmetics. I know that they are a name, term, symbol, or other feature that distinguishes an organization from its rivals.|I do not chose a brand not neither do i need a feature that distinguishes a cosmetic product from its rival|I don't have a brand.  Speaking of brands, do you know what a brand is?  It can be a name, symbol, design or other feature.
The word ''cosmetics'' derives from the Greek κοσμητικὴ τέχνη (''kosmetikē tekhnē''), meaning ''technique of dress and ornament'', from κοσμητικός (''kosmētikos''), ''skilled in ordering or arranging'' and that from κόσμος (''kosmos''), meaning amongst others ''order'' and ''ornament''.|Oh...am not too interested in that.  What's the origin of the word cosmetics, do you know?|The word cosmetic comes from the Greek word , meaning ''technique of dress and ornament''.|The only record of cosmetic from the past was with the word itself that was derived from the Greek κοσμητικὴ τέχνη (''kosmetikē tekhnē'') and it means ''technique of dress and ornament'',|I do!  The word is derived from the Greek "kosmetike tekhne," that means "technique of ornament and dress."
Common cosmetics include lipstick, mascara, eye shadow, foundation, rouge, skin cleansers and skin lotions, shampoo, hairstyling products (gel, hair spray, etc.|What are the types of cosmetics?|I'm not sure, but common cosmetics include lipstick, mascara, eye shadow, foundation, rouge, and other things.||We have the  lipstick, mascara, eye shadow, foundation, rouge, skin cleansers and skin lotions, shampoo and hairstyling products
Its popularity was achieved sometime during the mid-1970s to the early 1980s.|I've lately been listening to a lot of 70s and disco music, I really enjoy it. Do you like disco?|I'm a bot, so I can't listen to music. I know that it's popularity was achieved from the mid 1970s to the early 1980s.|Disco is interesting.  Its popularity peaked when I was a young child so I never really learned to appreciate it|As a bot, I can listen to music. I do know that disco's popularity peaked in the '70s or early '80s.
Several dances styles were also developed during this time including the Bump and the Hustle.|Yes, I was born in the late 70s myself, but even as a teenager I really liked it. It makes me want to dance!|Oh, that's nice. There were several styles of dance, like the Hustle and Bump.|The bump and the hustle were definitely very popular in the disco era!|Several new dance styles came out of the era. Do you know how to Bump or Hustle?
Saturday Night Fever is a 1977 American musical drama film directed by John Badham.|Not really, but I always think of John Travolta in that movie, where he did his disco dance!|That's a musical drama film from 1977.|Yes Saturday Night Fever was a very popular movie in 1977!  I loved it|Yes, Saturday Night Fever was a very popular movie in 1977!
It stars John Travolta as Tony Manero, a working-class young man who spends his weekends dancing and drinking at a local Brooklyn discothèque; Karen Gorney as Stephanie Mangano, his dance partner and eventual confidante; and Donna Pescow as Annette, Tony's former dance partner and would-be girlfriend.|I couldn't think of the name, but that's the one. I don't love the style of disco clothing, but I like the moves lol|That's nice. John Travolta is Tony Manero, a working-class young man who spends his weekends dancing and drinking at a local Brooklyn discothèque.|Yes.  The clothing was crazy!  John Travolta in that movie dressed in very creative clothing!|Yes, that's the one with Travolta as a working-class guy who likes to spend weekends dancing at a discotheque.
The giant panda (''Ailuropoda melanoleuca'', ''black and white cat-foot''; , ''big bear cat''), also known as panda bear or simply panda, is a bear native to south central China.|I have a giant panda as pet|Oh, neat! Did you know they are native to south central China?|Wow! Its a black and white cat-foot''; , ''big bear cat''), also known as panda bear or simply panda, is a bear native to south central China.|Awesome. Did you know that the panda is also called panda bear and is native to China?
The name ''giant panda'' is sometimes used to distinguish it from the unrelated red panda.|I had no idea it was native to china. What else can you tell me ?|Well, I can tell you that the name "giant panda" is sometimes used to distinguish it from the red panda.|There's however, a used to distinguish it from the unrelated red panda.|Well, I know that the term giant panda can be used to make a distinction from the red panda which is unrelated
Kung Fu Panda is a 2008 American computer-animated action comedy martial arts film produced by DreamWorks Animation and distributed by Paramount Pictures.|So you mean panda comes in various colors?|I don't know, but I know that Kung Fu Panda was released in 2008 by DreamWorks Animation.|May be! Have you watched the panda film?  Kung Fu Panda is a 2008 American computer-animated action comedy martial arts film produced by DreamWorks Animation|I can't confirm you that. Have you ever watched the Kung Fu Panda animated film? It was released in 2008 and was a DreamWorks production
In the film, Po enters the panda village and re-unites with his birth father and other pandas, but problems arise when a villainous spirit warrior, named Kai, returns to the mortal realm and steals chi from the kung fu masters.|I have not. Can you tell me more about it ?|Well, I can tell you that in the film, Po enters the panda village and re-unites with his birth father.|Its quite intriguing!The film, Po enters the panda village and re-unites with his birth father and other pandas, but problems arise when a villainous spirit warrior,|Sure. In the movie, Po reunites with his father ond more pandas when he enters the village of pandas, altough some problems arise later
Radiology is the science that uses medical imaging to diagnose and sometimes also treat diseases within the body.|I'm studying to be a Radiology tech currently.|Cool, do you use medical imaging to diagnose and also treat diseases?||wow, really, Radiology is the science that uses medical imaging to diagnose and sometimes also treat diseases
The Diagnostic Radiologist, a specially trained doctor, then interprets or ''reads'' the images and produces a report of their findings and impression or diagnosis.|Yes it fascinates me that you can see so much with it.|That's nice. The Diagnostic Radiologist, who is a specially trained doctor, then interprets or "reads" the images and makes a report of their findings.|yes, it fascinates me too, he Diagnostic Radiologist, a specially trained doctor, then interprets or ''reads'' the images and produces a report of their findings|Oh I see.  I know that Diagnostic Radiologists are doctors who are specially trained.  They "read" and interpret the images, and make a report.  The report includes their findings or their diagnosis.
This report is then transmitted to the Clinician who requested the imaging.|Yes their job has to be pretty difficult to be able to see slight anomalies on an xray.|That's too bad. The report is then transmitted to the Clinician who requested the imaging.|yes it is, Their report gathered is then transmitted to the Clinician who requested the imaging.|Maybe!  They then transmit that report to the person who requested that imaging.
Medical images are stored digitally in the picture archiving and communication system (PACS) where they can be viewed by all members of the healthcare team within the same health system and compared later on with future imaging exams.|A lot of people think xrays are harmful but you would need a ton of them to be affected.|I see, did you know that medical images are stored digitally in the picture archiving and communication system?|yea, thats what they think but its not so, Medical images are stored digitally in the picture archiving and communication system (PACS) where they can be viewed by all members of the healthcare team|Oh really?  Those medical images get stored digitally, did you know that?  In a system called PACS.  Then members of the health care team can view them.
Pride and Prejudice is a romantic novel by Jane Austen, first published in 1813.|i've heard pride and prejudice is a pretty good book, have you read it?|I have not, but I know it was published in 1813.|I have! Jane Austen published it in 1813, but it's remained a popular classic!|As a bot, I can't read books. It's a pretty old book, having been written in 1813. Have you read it?
Mr. Bennet of the Longbourn estate has five daughters, but his property is entailed, meaning that none of the girls can inherit it.|No, what's it about?|I'm not sure, but he's a member of the Longbourn estate, and has 5 daughters.|It's a story about the Bennet family of Longbourn. There are five daughters in the family, but none of them can inherit the family estate so they must marry well.|It's a story about the Bennet family of Longbourn. There are five daughters in the family, but none of them can inherit the family estate.
The novel revolves around the importance of marrying for love, not simply for money, despite the social pressures to make a good (i.e.|that sounds interesting! Maybe i should read this one|The novel is about the importance of marrying for love, not just for money, despite the social pressures to make a good.|You should! The novel revolves around the importance of marrying for love instead of money, even though money would make everyone's lives more comfortable. I think that's still an issue in today's society!|You might also like to know that the theme of the novel is that it's more important to marry for love than for money.
The story charts the emotional development of the protagonist, Elizabeth Bennet, who learns the error of making hasty judgments and comes to appreciate the difference between the superficial and the essential.|I agree with that. It's funny how it's still relevant 200 years later.|It's about Elizabeth Bennet, who makes judgments that are too quick to understand the difference between the superficial and the essential.|The main character, Elizabeth Bennet, learns that she often makes hasty judgements and learns to appreciate the difference between wants and needs. A lot of us can learn from that!|Food for thought. Anyway, the story follows Elizabeth Bennet as she learns not to be so hasty in judgement and to figure out what's important and what isn't.
His wife has no fortune, so it is imperative that at least one of the girls marry well in order to support the others on his death.|She sounds like a spoiled rich brat|I see, did you know that his wife has no fortune?|I think it's how she was raised. Her mom had no family fortune, only her father, and he pushed his girls to marry well so they would be able to support the family upon his death.|Maybe. As for her father, he needs at least one daughter to marry well so that they can support the others after his death, since his wife is not rich herself.
Anxiety is a worry about future events and fear is a reaction to current events.|I've been struggling with anxiety at my job when it's really busy - do you have any experience?|No, I'm a bot, so I can't have anxiety. I know that anxiety is a reaction to current events.|I used to worry about future events and get Anxiety but as I got older I care less. Do you take medication for it?|Oh gosh.  Well as I'm a bot, I cannot experience anxiety nor other feelings.  I do know that it's a worry about events of the future.
These feelings may cause physical symptoms, such as a fast heart rate and shakiness.|That makes sense.   I think sometimes I get physical effects from it.  Do you know about physical symptoms?|I know that these feelings can cause physical symptoms like a fast heart rate and shakiness.|Do you get so bad you get a fast heart rate and shakiness?|Hmm, well shakiness and a fast hearbeat can be caused by anxious feelings.
There are a number of anxiety disorders: including generalized anxiety disorder, specific phobia, social anxiety disorder, separation anxiety disorder, agoraphobia, panic disorder, and selective mutism.|Yes, and sometimes I even feel a bit dizzy - I think I get panic attacks at times.|Oh, I see. There are a number of anxiety disorders, like generalized anxiety, social anxiety, agoraphobia, and selective mutism.|There are a number of anxiety disorders. I think it's important to figure out which you have before you medicate at all.|Oh I see.  Did you know there are several different anxiety disorders?  Some examples are panic disorder, social anxiety disorder, phobia, and separation anxiety disorder.
Risk factors include a history of child abuse, family history of mental disorders, and poverty.|Yes, I should probably see the doctor - but that will make me super anxious also - it's a vicious cycle.|Oh, that's nice. I know that there are several risk factors, like child abuse, and family history of mental disorders.|It might be something from when you were a child that is the trigger like child abuse, family history of mental disorders, and poverty.|Oh wow.  You may be interested to hear that there are a few risk factors.   They include poverty, having mental disorders in the family history, and a history of abuse as a child.
To be diagnosed symptoms typically need to be present for at least six months, be more than would be expected for the situation, and decrease functioning.|Not anything like that in my past, but I have PCOS and anxiety seems to go hand and hand with it.|That's interesting. Do you have symptoms that are typically present for at least six months?|To be diagnosed symptoms need to be present for at least six months|Hmm.  Have symptoms been present for 6 months at least?  They have to be, in order to be diagnosed.
A police officer, also known as an officer, policeperson, policeman, policewoman, cop, police agent, or a police employee is a warranted law employee of a police force.|I have always had respect for cops.  I have a couple of them in my family|Oh, nice. Do you know of a police officer? They are also known as officers, policepersons, policemen, and more.|I also respect police officers, also known as officer, policeperson, cop, police agent, who is a law employee of a police force.|Nice to hear that. Did you know that a cop is also known as police offices, policeperson, police agent or policeman ?
Police officers are generally charged with the apprehension of criminals and the prevention and detection of crime, protection and assistance of the general public, and the maintenance of public order.|I didn't know all those names. What exactly do they do ?|I'm not sure, but police officers are usually charged with apprehension of criminals.|Yeah, the responsibility of apprehending criminals and preventing crimes, as well as the protection of the general public should be highly valued by society.|Well, I know that they are responsible for the apprehension of people who committed crimes, public order maintenance
Some police officers may also be trained in special duties, such as counter-terrorism, surveillance, child protection, VIP protection, civil law enforcement, and investigation techniques into major crime including fraud, rape, murder, and drug trafficking.|Not to mention that they have to go through extensive training in the police academy to be able to protect and serve|Some police officers can also be trained in special duties, such as surveillance, child protection, VIP protection, and civil law enforcement.|Also some officers have been trained in special duties such as counter-terrorism, surveillance, VIP protection, child protection. Cops are some of the most educated citizens around!|Yeah, and there are police officers that have also been trained in counter-terrorism, child protection, serveillance and many other special duties
It is one of the longest-running television programs in the United States and in May 2011 became the longest-running show on Fox with the announcement that ''America's Most Wanted'' was being canceled after 23 years (that show's host, John Walsh also appeared many times on ''Cops'').|Yes they are.  I enjoy watching the show ''Cops''.  It has been on the air since 1989 and had over 1 thousand episodes.|Cool, did you know that it's one of the longest-running television programs in the US?|That is a great show. It is the longest-running show on Fox, beating out the Simpsons by a few months.|That's nice. Did you know that it is Fox's loggest-running television show?
The domestic cat (''Felis silvestris catus'' or ''Felis catus'') is a small, typically furry, carnivorous mammal.|There's a cat that always comes at the same time every day to take a nap under a tree in my yard. He's pretty adorable.|That's nice. Do you like the domestic cat? It's a carnivorous mammal.|Cat is a small, typically furry, carnivorous mammal.|Aw, that's nice! Is it a meat-eater like most cats?
They are often called house cats when kept as indoor pets or simply cats when there is no need to distinguish them from other felids and felines.|Indeed. I left him food once and when I woke up the next morning, there was a lump of dead bird at my window. I think we're friends now.|That's nice. They are often called house cats when they are kept as indoor pets.|Often called house cats when kept as indoor pets or simply cats when there is no need to distinguish them from other felids and felines|So, do you think the cat was a housecat (i.e. indoor cat)?
They are often valued by humans for companionship and for their ability to hunt vermin.|He might be. He probably belongs to someone who lets him out every day.|That's nice. They are often valued for their companionship and ability to hunt vermin.||Yes ! They are often valued by humans for companionship
There are more than seventy cat breeds recognized by various cat registries.|I had one a long time ago and he sort of disappeared. I like to think this new cat is one of his kin because it looks so much like him!|That's nice. There are over 70 recognized cat breeds.|Moreso, are more than seventy cat breeds recognized by various cat registries.|Interesting, because there are over seventy breeds that are recognized by registries. What kind of cat was yours?
The list includes established breeds recognized by various cat registries, new and experimental breeds, distinct domestic populations not being actively developed, and lapsed breeds.|I've just had mixed breeds.|That's nice. There are also established breeds, experimental and new breeds, and domestic populations that are not being developed.|list includes established breeds recognized by various cat registries, new and experimental breeds, distinct domestic populations not being actively developed, and lapsed breeds.|I see. Well, the list includes a lot of types of breeds, including ones that aren't being bred anymore.
The designer of a game is very much like the director of a film; the designer is the visionary of the game and controls the artistic and technical elements of the game in fulfillment of their vision.|Video game design is a topic been incredibly interested in lately. are you familiar?|I know that the designer is very much like the director of a film.||Kind of, I know that the video game designer is basically like a director, kinda like movies!
Video game programmers have also sometimes comprised the entire design team.|yeah cool. what is required to be a video game designer?|I'm not sure, but the entire design team sometimes is part of a video game programmers.|well the thing is it doesn't only have to be one person, but it can be a whole team|Hmm I do not know.  I know that sometimes the game programmers comprise the whole design team.
Traditional commercial PC and console games are normally funded by a publisher, and can take several years to reach completion.|oh nice. what else can you tell me about video game design?|Well, I can tell you that traditional games for PC and console are usually funded by a publisher.|so indie games actually take the least time to make, they can be produced at a lower cost!|Well let's see.  I can tell you that a publisher typically funds the games for PC and console.
Traditional commercial PC and console games are normally funded by a publisher, and can take several years to reach completion.|Oh yeah?  How long does it take to create a game?|I'm not sure, but traditional games for PC and consoles are usually funded by a publisher.|I don't but you're right about ''answering to people''. Traditional games take YEARS because they're funded by a publisher.|Oh, several years!
Netflix entered the content-production industry in 2013, debuting its first series, ''House of Cards''.|I love watching Netflix, have you ever tried the service?|I haven't, but I know that it started in 2013 and started producing content.|I certainly do and love it too! I thought House of Cards, its first own series, was excellent.|As a bot, I can't use Netflix, but have you seen its first in-house show, House of Cards?
Netflix released an estimated 126 original series or films in 2016, more than any other network or cable channel.|I have, and the way they ramped up production of new series is extremely impressive to me.|Oh, that's nice. They released 126 original series or films in 2016!|It is. In 2016 Netflix released about 126 originals, more than any network or cable channel. Amazing, isn't it?!|Yeah, by 2016 they had 126 originals, outpacing everyone else!
Netflix's initial business model included DVD sales and rental, although Hastings jettisoned DVD sales about a year after Netflix's founding to focus on the DVD rental by mail business.|Yes, the quality level of each one also surprises me. I hope they keep it up.|I see, did you know that the original business model was DVD rental?|I find it interesting that they started out with DVD sales and rentals and have moved on so far since then. They did wisely get rid of the DVD sales quite quickly though.|Interesting that they started out renting, and for a bit selling, DVDs.
Competition from the Netflix mail-order service, Redbox automated kiosks, and video on demand services were major factors in Blockbuster's eventual demise.|I noticed that too, not to mention that they are starting to release some of their movies in select theaters I believe. Blockbuster must still have regrets.|I see, did you know that competition from the Netflix mail-order service, Redbox automated kiosks and video on demand services were factors in Blockbuster's eventual demise?||Yeah, with Netflix, Redbox kiosks etc. Blockbuster didn't stand a chance.
Baked goods have been around for thousands of years.|I often think about opening a bakery later in life.|Cool, did you know that baked goods have been around for thousands of years?|Seems like a safe business model, baked goods have been around for thousands of years.|Interesting, did you know that baked goods have existed for actually thousands of years?
A business model describes the rationale of how an organization creates, delivers, and captures value, in economic, social, cultural or other contexts.|True.  Everyone likes cookies and pies.  Do you know anything about how to start one?|I know that business models describe the rationale of how an organization creates, delivers, and captures value.|A bakery model would have to figure out how to create, deliver, and capture value, in economic, social, cultural or other contexts.|Well, I know that a business model detail how an organization delivers, creates, and captures value
It is generally seen as a form of capital that produces public goods for a common good.|You mean it would have to know it's market and how to profit off of that?|I'm not sure, but it is generally seen as a form of capital that produces public goods for a common good.|I think first you'd need to find a niche, cater baked good to a certain crowd and build lots of social capital to build on.|I am not sure about that. But I know that it is usually is seen as a capital form that produces goods for a good that is common
A food truck is a large vehicle equipped to cook and sell food.|Interesting. What do you know about food trucks?|Well, I know that they are large vehicles that can cook and sell food.|A food truck is a great idea, you could be mobile and seek out your markets on the fly rather than being tethered down.|Well, I know that a it is a vehicle but can also cook food and sell it
Fruit picking or fruit harvesting is a seasonal activity (paid or recreational) that occurs during harvest time in areas with fruit growing wild or being farmed in orchards.|I like picking fruit from my garden sometimes, do you ever do that?|I can't do that, being a bot, but I know that it's a seasonal activity that occurs during harvest time.|Fruit picking or fruit harvesting is a seasonal activity, I have before! I volunteered to pick blueberries once, it was fun.|I cannot as a bot. Did you know this activity can be paid or for recreation? Fruit picking occurs where wild fruits grow as well as orchards.
''Vaccinium'' also includes cranberries, bilberries and grouseberries.|I see. That's good to know. I heard about such fruits being called "vaccinium" are there any others under that category?|I'm not sure, but vaccines also include cranberries, bilberries, and grouseberries.|So do I, blueberries are actually a Vaccinum, which also includes cranberries, bilberries, and grouseberries.|Things like cranberries and grouseberries also fall under "vaccinium".
They are classified in the section Cyanococcus within the genus ''Vaccinium.''|What else about vacciniums can you tell me?|Well, they are classified in the section Cyanococcus within the genus ''Vaccinium''.|Yes, those three berries I listed above are in that category. They are classified in the section Cyanococcus.|Vaccinium is a genus that falls under the section called Cyanococcus.
Cyanobacteria , also known as Cyanophyta, are a phylum of bacteria that obtain their energy through photosynthesis, and are the only photosynthetic prokaryotes able to produce oxygen.|Oh cool, I think I've heard that term before. I thought it referred to stuff like cyanobacteria, guess I was wrong.|I don't know about that but Cyanobacteria is the only prokaryotes that can produce oxygen.|Cyanobacteria , also known as Cyanophyta, are a phylum of bacteria that obtain their energy through photosynthesis, these are bacteria necessary for the germination of plants!|For cyanobacteria, they are a type that use photosynthesis for energy. They are the only prokaryotes, who are photosynthetic, that can make oxygen.
Cyanobacteria (which are prokaryotes) used to be called ''blue-green algae''.|Interesting, I'm learning so much today. Do you know anything else about bacteria?|Yes, they were called blue-green algae.|Well Cyanobacteria are actually a form of blue-green algae.|The cyanobacteria has also been called blue-green algae.
Extraterrestrial life, also called alien life (or, if it is a sentient or relatively complex individual, an ''extraterrestrial'' or ''alien''), is life that occurs outside of Earth and that probably did not originate from Earth.|I wonder if Aliens exisit|I'm not sure, but extraterrestrial life is life that did not originate from Earth.|It's something that is up for debate with scientists, whether or not life occurs outside the planet Earth|that's an interesting thought. Alian life is actualy life that has an origin outside of earth
The concept of extraterrestrial life, and particularly extraterrestrial intelligence, has had a major cultural impact, chiefly in works of science fiction.|What are your personal thoughts? For me there is too much undiscovered to rule out extraterrestrial life|I'm a bot, so I can't read. I know that extraterrestrial life has had a major cultural impact, mostly in science fiction.|I personally think there is, but we just do not have the technology to communicate with them.  It makes for good science fiction, thinking about the possibilities.|Well, I know that extraterrestrial intelligence and life is a concept that had a big impact in culture
Depending on the category of search, methods range from the analysis of telescope and specimen data to radios used to detect and send communication signals.|Yes it does. I hope I get to witness communication in my life time|Interesting. Do you also use radios to detect and send signals?|Yes, at the moment, the methods we try to use to communicate with them range from the analysis of telescope and specimen data to radios used to detect and send signals.|Yeah, the methods used for research can be analysis of telescope data or using radios to send or detect signals of communication
Scientific investigation began shortly after the advent of radio in the early 1900s, and focused international efforts have been going on since the 1980s.|That's awesome. thanks for the information|Yeah, and the scientific investigation began shortly after radio's advent.|Not a problem, in fact, investigation into whether they exist or not started after the advent of radio in the early 1900s|No problem. Science began investigating only in the 1900s after radio advent
South Park is an American adult animated sitcom created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone and developed by Brian Graden for the Comedy Central television network.|Have you ever watched South Park before? My husband and boys like it. I have watched it a little with them.|No, as a bot I can't watch TV. Did you know it was created by Matt Stone and Trey Parker?|Yes, I have, it's pretty funny. It's an adult animated sitcom. Matt Stone and Trey Parker created it.|I can't say I have.  It's an adult animated sitcom, right?  Matt Stone and Trey Parker created it, then Brian Graden developed it for the TV network Comedy Central.
Much like ''The Simpsons'', ''South Park'' uses a very large ensemble cast of recurring characters and became infamous for its profanity and dark, surreal humor that satirizes a wide range of topics towards a mature audience.|It is really funny. There are some parts not appropriate for children though.|I see, did you know that South Park is infamous for its dark, surreal humor and profanity?||That's very true. It does have profanity and there is a dark humor to it, so usually for mature audiences.
The show revolves around four boys—Stan Marsh, Kyle Broflovski, Eric Cartman, and Kenny McCormick—and their bizarre adventures in and around the titular Colorado town.|I think that's why I never really got into it. I could do without all the cursing. It has gotten some high ratings though.|It's about four boys, Kyle Broflovski, Eric Cartman, and Kenny McCormick.|Yes, and I've never been very tight on censoring my children's tv, unless extreme. But, they enjoy the characters of Stan, Kyle, Eric and Kenny very much.|Oh okay, I hear you.  I gather in the show four boys have bizarre adventures.  The main characters are named Kenny McCormick, Eric Cartman, Kyle Broflovski, and Stan Marsh.
It debuted in August 1997 with great success, consistently earning the highest ratings of any basic cable program.|They are some cute little kids, but do some really crazy things.|That's cool. It debuted in August of 1997.|That's for sure! It came out in 1997, and done very well since. Like you said, high ratings.|Hah.  It's had great success since it debuted in 1997.   Out of the programs on basic cable, it earns the highest ratings, and consistently so.
Subsequent ratings have varied but it remains one of Comedy Central's highest rated shows, and is slated to air in new episodes through 2019.|I can't believe it has been out that long. That was the year my oldest son was born. 21 years ago.|That's too bad. It's still one of Comedy Central's highest rated shows.||I know! And they have some new episodes coming on it in  2019.
The City of New York, often called New York City or simply New York, is the most populous city in the United States.|New York City has always fascinated me.  Have you ever been there?|No, I'm a bot, so I can't travel. I know that it's the US' most populated city.|I haven't, but I don't know if I do want to go or not lol. It's the most populated city in America so I don't know if I'm up to so many people!|I'm a bot and can't travel. It's the highest-population city in America, have you ever been there?
With an estimated 2016 population of 8,537,673 distributed over a land area of about , New York City is also the most densely populated major city in the United States.|No, sadly, I haven't. What is the city population?|It has an estimated population of 8,537,673.||There is around 9 million people in New York, and they are also the most densely populated of a major city, due to the size of the area.
A global power city, New York City has been described as the cultural, financial, and media capital of the world, and exerts a significant impact upon commerce, entertainment, research, technology, education, politics, and sports.|Wow!  I didn't realize it was that much!  What is fun to do in the city?|I'm not sure, but it's considered the capital of the world for cultural, financial, and media.|Well, New York is a very powerful city, known for their culture, financial and media, so they have a lot of influence on commerce, research, entertainment, technology, education, politics and sports around the world. So plenty, plenty to do!|What kinds of things do you like to do? New York is a capital of culture, finance, and media, and what happens there is very influential.
Locally it is often referred to simply as ''The City''.|What would you recommend since I wouldn't even know where to start?  I heard that Broadway is big there.|I'm not sure, but it is often referred to as "The City".|Manhattan is known as ''The City'' by the locals, and so there is so much there. Broadway is wonderful in New York, there are also islands you could visit!|I don't know anything about Broadway. I do know that New York is sometimes referred to as "The City".
The five boroughs – Brooklyn, Queens, Manhattan, The Bronx, and Staten Island – were consolidated into a single city in 1898.|New York City is so huge! How is it subdivided?|I'm not sure, but the five boroughs – Brooklyn, Queens, Manhattan, The Bronx, and Staten Island – were consolidated into a single city in 1898.|It is, and they have smaller ones around New York. But, I would go visit Brooklyn, Queens, The Bronx, Manhattan and Staten Island. Go see it all!|Well, they have five boroughs, Queens, Manhattan, Brooklyn, Staten Island, and the Bronx. They became one city in 1898.
Horse training refers to a variety of practices that teach horses to perform certain behaviors when asked to do so by humans.|It amazes me that some can take a wild horse and train it to be so obedient.  Do you know anything about horse training?|Yes, horse training involves teaching horses to perform certain behaviors when asked to do so by humans.|Yes! I'm a horse trainer! I use a variety of practices that teach horses to perform behaviors when asked. I love my job. Horses are such smart animals!|Yes I do. I know that horse traning is about teaching horses to do certain things when asked by humans
Horses are trained to be manageable by humans for everyday care as well as for equestrian activities from horse racing to therapeutic horseback riding for people with disabilities.|Amazing. Can you tell me more ?|Well, I can tell you that horses are trained to be manageable for everyday care.|The horses that I train are used for equestrian activities and I train them to be used for horseback riding for people with disabilities!|Sure. Did you know that horses can be trained for equestrian activities and for everyday care also
Historically, horses were trained for warfare, farm work, sport and transport.|That's amazing.  I had a student a few years ago who use horseback riding for physical therapy.|Oh, really? I know that horses were trained for things like warfare, farm work, and sport.|I much prefer horses be used for therapy rather than warfare, sport and transport. That's what horses were historically trained for.|I see. Did you know that horses used to be trained for farm, transport, sport and warfare ?
Horses are also trained for specialized jobs from movie stunt work to police and crowd control activities, circus entertainment, and equine-assisted psychotherapy.|Learning that now. What else can you tell me ?|Well, I can tell you that horses are trained for specialized jobs, like stunt work in movies, circus entertainment, and equine-assisted psychotherapy.|Once in awhile I also train horses that are used for police crowd control and movie stunts! Those are special horses!|Well, I can tell you that horses can also be trained for jobs like, crowd control, movie stunt, circus entertainment and others
David Suchet stars as the eponymous detective, Agatha Christie's fictional Hercule Poirot.|My dad has been talking about Agatha Christie's Poirot do you know anything about it?|Yes, David Suchet stars as the eponymous detective.|I've definitely heard of it! I know it's based on an Agatha Christie character, ''Hercule Poirot''. What does your dad like best about it?|It is a character by Agatha Christie, named Hercules Poirot. David Suchet plays this detective.
Agatha Christie's Poirot is a British mystery drama television series that aired on ITV from 8 January 1989 to 13 November 2013.|That's insightful. Do you know when this show came out? It seems somewhat old.|I'm not sure, but it aired from 1989 to 2013.|Well, and I should ask if it's the series of books or the British television series! The latter ran on ITV from January 1989 to November 2013. Quite the run!|The show was on ITV and ran from the 8th of January, 1989 to November 13, 2013.
The programme ran for 13 series and 70 episodes in total; each episode was adapted from a novel or short story by Christie that featured Poirot, and consequently in each episode Poirot is both the main detective in charge of the investigation of a crime (usually murder) and the protagonist who is at the centre of most of the episode's action.|That is a long time, did it win any awards?|I'm not sure, but the programme ran for 13 series and 70 episodes in total.|A VERY long time! 13 seasons and 70 episodes in total, each one adapted from a novel or short story by Christie. I'm not sure about awards....but people must have loved it!|I do not have any information about the awards. It did have 13 series and a total of 70 episodes. Poirot was the main character of each episode.
The series also aired on VisionTV in Canada and on PBS and A&E in the United States.|Well for it to be on that long they would have to right?|I'm not sure, but it aired on VisionTV in Canada and on PBS and A&E in the US.|I would think! It also aired on VisionTV in Canada and PBS and A&E in the US!|The show was also aired in Canada and the United States. On VisionTV for Canada and PBS as well as A&E for the U.S.
The programme ran for 13 series and 70 episodes in total; each episode was adapted from a novel or short story by Christie that featured Poirot, and consequently in each episode Poirot is both the main detective in charge of the investigation of a crime (usually murder) and the protagonist who is at the centre of most of the episode's action.|I know all those channels I wonder if reruns come on still|I'm not sure, but the programme ran for 13 series and 70 episodes in total.|Or if it's on another streaming service....now I'm curious! I do like murder mysteries, and that's the type of crime Poirot investigates/solves.|I do not know if it will rerun. However, the story has Poirot solve cases, usually murder.
Traditional classical ballets usually are performed with classical music accompaniment and use elaborate costumes and staging, whereas modern ballets, such as the neoclassical works of American choreographer George Balanchine, often are performed in simple costumes (e.g., leotards and tights) and without the use of elaborate sets or scenery.|I enjoy going to ballet performances, especially with my girlfriend. She used to dance ballet, and her critiques of the performers are hilarious.|Oh, really? Do you like classical ballets? They usually use elaborate costumes and staging.||I'll bet! Does she prefer traditional classical ballets or the modern ballets?
Traditional classical ballets usually are performed with classical music accompaniment and use elaborate costumes and staging, whereas modern ballets, such as the neoclassical works of American choreographer George Balanchine, often are performed in simple costumes (e.g., leotards and tights) and without the use of elaborate sets or scenery.|I'll have to ask her, but my guess would be classical. I think they're easier to critique, because modern ballet can be so avant garde and ''do whatever you want.''|I see, did you know that classical ballets are usually performed with classical music accompaniment?|I agree! I really enjoy the elaborate costumes and staging of a traditional classical ballet. It's beautiful!|Ah.  Apparently classical ballet has more elaborate staging and costumes, compared to modern ballet.
A well-known example of this is ''The Nutcracker'', a two-act ballet originally choreographed by Marius Petipa and Lev Ivanov with a music score by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky.|Yeah it is! So much of the story can be told before you even look at the movements of the dancers, because of makeup and costuming.|Yeah, and it's also known as "The Nutcracker".|I totally agree! Have you ever seen The Nutcracker? I think that is my all-time favorite ballet. It doesn't feel like Christmas until I've seen it.|Really?  Bye the way, have you seen The Nutcracker, the two act ballet?
Ballets are choreographed and performed by trained ballet dancers.|Oh yeah, every year around the holidays.  Who choreographs ballet anyhow?|I'm not sure, but trained ballet dancers choreograph and perform ballets.|I'd have to put Swan Lake high up on my favorite list too. It is so well choreographed and is usually performed by top notch trained ballet dancers.|You may be interested to hear that trained ballet dancers do the choreography!
Ballet () is a type of performance dance that originated during the Italian Renaissance in the 15th century and later developed into a concert dance form in France and Russia.|Swan Lake is pretty good too. You should look up La Bayadere sometime. It'll blow your mind!|Oh, nice! Ballet originated during the Italian Renaissance in the 15th century.|Thanks for the recommendation! I definitely will! Ballet has been around since the Italian Renaissance in the 15th century, yet it continues to mesmerize people all over the world. I can only see it becoming more popular than it is now.|Cool!  Hey did you know ballet originated in the fifteenth century?
A teapot is a vessel used for steeping tea leaves or a herbal mix in boiling or near-boiling water, and for serving the resulting infusion which is called tea.|Ive never had a reason to own a teapot.|Ah, I see. A teapot is used for steeping tea leaves in boiling water.||The vessel used for steeping tea?
Dry tea is available either in tea bags or as loose tea, in which case a tea infuser or tea strainer may be of some assistance, either to hold the leaves as they steep or to catch the leaves inside the teapot when the tea is poured.|yep, nowadays you get electric kettles and such but teapots are rare|I see, did you know that dry tea can be available in tea bags or as loose tea?|I prefer dry tea especially the ones in tea bags.|Yeah, do you like your dry tea in tea bags ? or in the form of loose tea?
Teapots usually have an opening with a lid at their top, where the dry tea and hot water are added, a handle for holding by hand and a spout through which the tea is served.|its all about leaf quality when it comes to tea.|I see, did you know that teapots usually have a lid at their top?|Yes, I like teapots that have an opening on the lid.|I see, Did you know that teapots have an opening containing a lid, a handle and a spout?
Some teapots have a strainer built-in on the inner edge of the spout.|Yes I knew that. I think it needs to have an opening to work at all.|I don't know about that but some teapots have a strainer on the spout's inner edge.||Yes but some have built in strainers on the inner edge.
The history of tea is long and complex, spreading across multiple cultures over the span of thousands of years.|thats a good point to bring up but im not much of a tea person.|I see, did you know that tea's history is long and complex?||Tea drinking has been going on for thousands of years.
The piano is an acoustic, stringed musical instrument invented in Italy by Bartolomeo Cristofori around the year 1700 (the exact year is uncertain), in which the strings are struck by hammers.|Hi there. You play the piano?|I'm a bot, so I can't play piano. I know that the piano was invented in Italy around the year 1700.||No, i dont, The piano is an acoustic, stringed musical instrument
The word ''piano'' is a shortened form of ''pianoforte'', the Italian term for the early 1700s versions of the instrument, which in turn derives from ''gravicembalo col piano e forte'' and ''fortepiano''.|I took a few piano lessons when I was little. Do you play an instrument?|I can't play piano, being a bot, but I know that the word "piano" is a shortened form of "pianoforte".|yes, but he word ''piano'' is a shortened form of ''pianoforte|As I am a bot that is not posible. But speaking of the piano, did you know that it's name is a word derived from pianoforte?
The first fortepianos in the 1700s had a quieter sound and smaller dynamic range.|I didn't know that. When Bach was alive did he call it a pianoforte?|I'm not sure, but the fortepianos in the 1700s had a quieter sound and a lower dynamic range.|yes, he did coz The first fortepianos in the 1700s had a quieter sound|I am not sure about that. But I know that the first versions of the pianoforte had a sound that was quieter
In principle, the word ''fortepiano'' can designate any piano dating from the invention of the instrument by Bartolomeo Cristofori around 1700 up to the early 19th century.|Do you know if any companies make fortepianos?|I'm not sure, but the word "fortepiano" is a term that can designate any piano dating from the invention of the instrument by Bartolomeo Cristofori around 1700.|i dont think, In principle, the word ''fortepiano'' can designate any piano dating from the invention of the instrument by Bartolomeo Cristofori around 1700|I can't confirm you that. But I know that any piano that is from when the instrument was invented around 1700 is designated as a fortepiano
Piano construction is by now a rather conservative area; most of the technological advances were made by about 1900, and indeed it is possible that some contemporary piano buyers might actually be suspicious of pianos that are made differently from the older kind.|Oh I see. Which year did the modern piano appear?|I'm not sure, but the modern piano was made by about 1900.|it hasnt been long like, Piano construction is by now a rather conservative area; most of the technological advances were made by about 1900|I am not sure about the exact date, but I know that Piano construction is quite a conservative area; many of the advances in technology were made around 1900
Modern pizza was invented in Naples, and the dish and its variants have since become popular and common in many areas of the world.|I can't stand pizza!|I see, did you know that the modern pizza was invented in Naples?|Me too. I'll only eat it if its from Naples because that's where it was invented.|Really?  Did you know that Naples is where it was invented?
''Associazione Verace Pizza Napoletana'' (True Neapolitan Pizza Association), a non-profit organization founded in 1984 with headquarters in Naples, aims to ''promote and protect... the true Neapolitan pizza''.|I think pizza from Naples has a good crust though.|I see, did you know that the American Neapolitan Pizza Association was founded in 1984?|Yeah, they started a non profit organization called ''Associazione Verace Pizza Napoletana''  to protect true Neapolitan pizza. Too many other pizza companies were stealing their swag.|Yeah, they started a non profit organization to protect and promote true Neapolitan pizza!
Restaurants or chains specializing in pizza are pizzerias.|Oh wow, that is cool. I really hate stuffed crust.|I see, did you know that restaurants that specialize in pizza are called pizzerias?|Pizza Hut a restaurant that specializes in pizza makes some good stuffed crust pizza.|Oh I see.   Did you know that a pizzeria is a restaurant or chain specializing in pizza?
Pizza Hut has over 16,000 locations worldwide as of 2015.|Yeah I did...speaking of chains, do you know anything about Pizza Hut?|Yes, Pizza Hut has over 16,000 locations around the world as of 2015.|Yeah, they have over 16,000 locations worldwide, so it's not hard to get.|Yeah, worldwide they have over 16 thousand locations!
Pizza delivery is common in some parts of the world.|That is probably the most recognized pizza place.|I see, well, pizza delivery is common in some parts of the world.|What I love about them is that they even deliver in some parts of the world.|Did you know that delivering pizza is common in various places in the world?
The S-Class designation for top-of-the-line Mercedes-Benz models was officially introduced in 1972 with the W116, and has remained in use ever since.|Mercedes are an amazing car!  I recently purchased an S-class!  Do you like Mercedes?|I'm a bot, so I can't buy. I know that the S-Class designation for top-of-the-line Mercedes-Benz models was introduced in 1972 with the W116.|Yes I do! The S-class is considered top of the line and was introduced in 1972.|I don't have an opinion, being a bot, but did you know that the S-Class was first introduced in 1972?
The S-Class has debuted many of the company's latest innovations, including drivetrain technologies, interior features, and safety systems (such as the first seatbelt pretensioners).|No, I didn't. That's interesting. The car seems bulletproof and of high quality! Is the S Class fairly reliable?|I'm not sure, but the S-Class has debuted many of the company's latest innovations.|The S-class has debuted a lot of the most recent innovations like interior features, safety systems, and drivetrain technologies.|I don't now about reliability, but the S-Class debuted a lot of Mercedes' new technology, like the drivetrain, interior elements, and safety features.
All models built in Mexico or sold in the United States are only available in long wheelbase.|Where is the S Class manufactured?|I'm not sure, but I know that all models made in Mexico are only available in long wheelbase.|I believe the majority are manufactured in Mexico and the United States.|I know that some are built in Mexico, but they may be built elsewhere as well.
All models built in Mexico or sold in the United States are only available in long wheelbase.|Mexico!  You are kidding.  I do not correlate a German luxury car with Mexican manufacturing!  I must be ignorant.|I see, did you know that all models that are made in Mexico or sold in the US are only available in long wheelbase?||Apparently all models built in Mexico are only available in a long wheelbase.
The Mercedes-Benz S-Class, formerly known as Sonderklasse (German for ''special class'', abbreviated as ''S-Klasse''), is a series of luxury flagship vehicles produced by the German automaker Mercedes-Benz, a division of German company Daimler AG.|Interesting.  I suppose labor is much cheaper in Mexico, so that makes financial sense.|I see, did you know that the S-Class is a series of luxury flagship vehicles produced by the automaker?|I guess so. Also the Mercedes S-class got its name for the german word Sonderklasse which means special class.|That's a thought. As for the S-Class name, it comes from the German "Sonderklasse", which means "special class."
Severity depends on the amount a person eats or drinks.|Hello, As much as I love pizza it seems as though the dairy affects me negatively. Any thoughts.|I see, well, the amount of food you eat or drink is dependent on the severity of your food.|Yes I love pizza too so I have to limit the amount I eat so my symptoms aren't too severe.|The severity is a result of how much a person consumes or drinks.
Symptoms may include abdominal pain, bloating, diarrhea, gas, and nausea.|What are possible symptoms?|I'm not sure, but symptoms can be abdominal pain, diarrhea, gas, and nausea.|Mainly gas and bloating, sometimes diarrhea if I get greedy.|Symptoms include such things like abdominal pain and bloating. There is also diarrhea, gas as well as nausea.
Primary lactose intolerance occurs as the amount of lactase declines as people age.|That’s terrible! I do hear that’s common. Others I know get the opposite and have extreme constipation. I suppose it depends on the individual. I wonder if we are meant to eat dairy?|I'm not sure, but I know that there is primary lactose intolerance, which occurs as the amount of lactase declines as people age.|The enzymes we need decline as we age, maybe we are just meant to drink milk as infants.|People age and the lactase amount declines. So lactose intolerance happens. As for eating dairy I cannot say as I am a bot and do not eat.
Milk substitutes usually contain milk powder in varying proportions of 30 to 80%, with the remainder consisting of other ingredients including whey, palm oil, coconut oil and similar vegetable extracts.|What are some milk substitutes or at least what do they have in them?|I'm not sure, but milk substitutes usually have milk powder in varying proportions of 30 to 80%.||There can be alternatives with ingerdients like palm oil or coconut oil, although they still have some milk powder in them.
Daft Punk is a French electronic music duo formed in 1993 by Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo and Thomas Bangalter.|I enjoy Daft Punk's music. Do you?|I'm a bot, so I can't listen to music. I know that Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo and Thomas Bangalter formed the duo in 1993.|More then life it's self. I've been rocking out with Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo and Thomas Bangalter since 1993.|I am a bot with no preference. Did you know the duo started in 1993?
The duo achieved significant popularity in the late 1990s as part of the French house movement and had continuous success in the years following, combining elements of house music with funk, techno, disco, rock and synthpop influences.|Oh that's a shame. I wonder what their music style is considered?|I'm not sure, but they have a lot of popularity in the late 1990s.|I used to live in Paris and be a big fan of French House music. I was a rave kid. I just fell into them.|Well their music is a section of French house music. They also had elements such as disco and rock to name a couple.
They are also known for their visual stylization and disguises associated with their music; the duo have worn ornate helmets and gloves to assume robot personas in most of their public appearances since 2001 and rarely grant interviews or appear on television.|Yeah, I really like those sounds. Their outfit is great too, I wonder when they started wearing it?|I'm not sure, but they have worn ornate helmets and gloves to assume robot personas since 2001.|Only since 2001 so they look like robots.|They took up their outfits in 2001.
In March 2005, the duo released their third album ''Human After All'' to mixed reviews.|Could you tell me when they had a poor reception?|I'm not sure, but they released their third album in 2005 called Human After All.|They did not come into the public eye until 2005 when the third album came out. Prior to that it was all under ground.|They put out their third album in 2005. It got mixed reviews.
The duo's next album ''Discovery'' (2001) was even more successful, driven by the release of the hit singles ''One More Time'', ''Digital Love'' and ''Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger''.|Could you also tell me some hit singles they have released?|Yes, they released "One More Time" and "Digital Love" in 2001.|You probably know them from song Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger'' It seems to be the one everyone knows.|Some hit singles can be found in their album "Discovery" and some were like "One More Time" and "Digital Love".
The Chronicles of Thomas Covenant is a series of ten high fantasy novels written by American author Stephen R. Donaldson.|Im a big fan of Thomas Covenant novels. What do you think?|I don't have an opinion about them, but I know of the Chronicles of Thomas Covenant.||I can't say I've read any of his book. I know it has about 10 fantasy novels to it. But, I haven't ready any of the chronicles of thomas Covenant books.
The series began as a trilogy, entitled ''The Chronicles of Thomas Covenant, the Unbeliever''.|Tell me more about his 10 fantasy novels.|Well, I know that the series started out as a trilogy.|Well, the first of the trilogy would be ''.The Chronicles of Thomas covenant, the Unbeliever''. That's where he first began.|Sure, it is interesting to know that the series started as a trilogy
Thomas Covenant, an embittered and cynical writer, afflicted with leprosy and shunned by society, is fated to become the heroic savior of The Land, an alternate world.|Interesting indeed. What else can you say about Thomas Covenant ?|Well, he is a writer who is afflicted with leprosy and shunned by society.|Well, Thomas covenant was a cynical and bitter writer, he was shunned because he had leprosy. But, in this alternate world, he would become the hero of The Land.|Well, I know that he was a cynical and embittered writer, he also had leprosy and was shunned by society.
In six novels published between 1977 and 1983, he struggles against Lord Foul, ''The Despiser'', who intends to escape the bondage of the physical universe and wreak revenge upon his arch-enemy, ''The Creator''.|Very interesting. What exactly is Leprosy and did it affect his writing in any way?|I'm not sure, but he was able to escape the bondage of the physical universe and revenge on his arch-enemy, The Creator.|Well, this was in the book, and the 6 novels between 1977 and 83, he was in a constant battle with Lord Foul, who wanted to hurt and demolish his enemy, ''The Creator''.|I am not sure about that. Have you read all his six novels that were published from 1977 to 1983?
It was set during the action of ''The Illearth War'', and covers an episode from the doomed mission to contact the Giants.|I did not but I think I would enjoy reading those novels.|Nice, did you know that it was set during the action of ''The Illearth War''?|Oh, I'm sure, it's full of action, adventure and fantasy. It was set in ''the Illearth War'', and has missions to contact Giants.|Yeah, and the setting was during The illearth war, did you know ?
Arsenal Football Club is a professional football club based in Highbury, London, England, that plays in the Premier League, the top flight of English football.|I am a huge Arsenal F.C. fan!|Oh, nice! Arsenal Football Club is based in London, England.|I am too, they are based out of Highbury  right?|Interesting. Did you know they are based in Highbury and are a profesisonal club?
Highbury is a district in North London and part of the London Borough of Islington.|I did, but I don't know where highbury is|Highbury is a district in North London and part of the London Borough of Islington.||Highbury is a district in London
Relegated only once, in 1913, they continue the longest streak in the top division.|Oh you are right! I have never actually been to a game so I didn't know their exact location|They were relegated only once in 1913 and they continue to have the longest streak in the top division.||They have the longest streak, for the top division, except for in like 1913
They completed the 20th century with the highest average league position.|They finished 6th this year in the Premier League|They have the highest league position in the 20th century.|Yeah, but the finish out the 20th century best average league postion|Yes, but in the 20th century they finished with the average league position that was the highest
A ''no-kill'' shelter is an animal shelter that does not kill healthy or treatable animals even when the shelter is full, reserving euthanasia for terminally ill animals or those considered dangerous to public safety.|I was thinking about volunteering at an animal shelter, do you know anything about them?|Yes, they are an animal shelter that doesn't kill healthy or treatable animals even when the shelter is full.|Well there are different kinds. A ''no-kill'' shelter is one that doesn't kill healthy or treatable animals when the shelter is full.|Oh cool.   Well I know about "no-kill" shelters.   Even if it's full, a "no-kill" shelter will not kill treatable or healthy animals.  They only use euthanasia for animals that are dangerous to the public, or if they are terminally ill.
In Europe, of 30 countries included in a survey, all but four (Czech republic, Germany, Greece, and Italy) permitted the killing of healthy stray dogs.|I think the no-kill shelters are much better than the alternative. Do you know anything else?|I know that in Europe, of 30 countries, all but four allowed the killing of healthy stray dogs.||Well most european countries actually prevent the killing of healthy stray dogs.
Critics believe the new term ''animal shelter'' is generally a euphemism for the older term ''pound''.|That's very thoughtful of them, I'm glad to hear that. Do you know when animal shelters first started?|I'm not sure, but critics believe the term "animal shelter" is a euphemism for "pound".|No one really knows but they are often thought to come from an older idea of an animal pound although they aren't the same thing.|No I'm afraid I don't.  Did you know that " animal shelter" is a euphemism for "pound," an older term that was used?
The word ''pound'' had its origins in the animal pounds of agricultural communities, where stray livestock would be penned or impounded until claimed by their owners.|That makes sense, what's the distinction between a shelter and a pound?|I'm not sure, but the word pound came from the animal pounds of agricultural communities.||Well a pound is a place where stray livestock would be impounded until they were claimed by their owners.
The shorts became a part of ''The Tracey Ullman Show'' on April 19, 1987.|The Simpsons is my kids favorite cartoon show|Oh, cool! Did you know they were part of the Tracey Ullman Show in 1987?|I love the Simpsons!! I recently learned that the show began as a series of shorts on The Tracey Ullman Show back in 1987!|That's neat! Did you know The Simpsons started as shorts on a show in 1987?
The Simpsons is an American animated sitcom created by Matt Groening for the Fox Broadcasting Company.|Never knew, it dates back,who created it?|Matt Groening created it for Fox Broadcasting Company.|It was created by Matt Groening and airs on Fox. I'll bet he never imagined how big this show would become!|Matt Groening created it for Fox. Is there anything else you'd like to know?
Groening created a dysfunctional family and named the characters after members of his own family, substituting Bart for his own name.|Yes, how did he come up with the names for the characters?|I'm not sure, but he created a dysfunctional family and named the characters after members of his own family.|Well the show has been a success, but the Simpson family, not so much. They are known for being quite a dysfunctional family! Groening actually based the characters on his own family members.|Well, they are named after his family members. He used Bart for himself.
The series is a satirical depiction of working-class life, epitomized by the Simpson family, which consists of Homer, Marge, Bart, Lisa, and Maggie.|Uhmnnn! I find these really interesting,Please tell me more about it|Well, I can tell you more about the Simpson family, which consists of Homer, Marge, Bart, Lisa, and Maggie.|My favorite character is the show's main character, Bart. But the rest of his family - Homer, Marge, Lisa and Maggie are pretty entertaining too!|Well, the show satirizes working-class life, and the Simpson family has five members.
It is the longest-running American sitcom and the longest-running American animated program, and, in 2009, it surpassed ''Gunsmoke'' as the longest-running American scripted primetime television series.|Is Simpson family still the cartoon as earlier discussed?|I'm not sure, but it's the longest-running American sitcom and the longest-running American animated program.||Yes, that's why the show is titled The Simpsons! The show is actually the longest running American sitcom!
Swimming is the self-propulsion of a person through fresh or salt water, usually for recreation, sport, exercise, or survival.|I love swimming on a hot summer day! Do you like to swim?|I'm a bot, so I can't swim. I know that it's the self-propulsion of a person through salt or fresh water.|I actually do - many swim for recreation, sport, exercise, or even survival.|As I am a bot, that is not posible for me to do. But I know that it can be done in fresh as well as salt water, and is done for recreation, exercise, sport and even survival
During routines, swimmers may not touch the bottom of the pool.|I even swim for exercise a few times a week. What else do you know ?|Well, I also know that during routines, swimmers may not touch the bottom of the pool.|I don't know many strokes - but I have watched synchronized swimming before - they are not allowed to touch the bottom of the pool.|I know that the pool bottom is can't be touched by swimmers during some routines
As a result, swimming is “low-impact” compared to land activities such as running.|Really?! I never realized that! I always wonder what muscles I'm using while I'm swimming. It can get very tiresome!|I'm not sure, but swimming is low-impact compared to land activities like running.|I do know it is low impact as compared to activities such as running, so not as much jarring on your joints.|I don't have information of that, but I do know that it is actually considered low impact when compared to activities like running
Swimming relies on the natural buoyancy of the human body.|I hate running, haha! It seems like I get a good cardio workout while I'm swimming. Just as good as running!|Oh, that's nice. Swimming relies on the human body's natural buoyancy.||It is - and it also relies on the buoyancy of the human body as well .
Yoga (; Sanskrit, योगः Listen) is a group of physical, mental, and spiritual practices or disciplines which originated in ancient India.|I love to go to Yoga every day it makes me feel so good|Oh, that's nice. Did you know that yoga originated in India?|Yoga is great because it's a physical, mental and spiritual practice! It does a body good!|That's good. Did you know yoga came from India? It's a group of practices related to the mind, body and spirit.
The origins of yoga have been speculated to date back to pre-Vedic Indian traditions; it is mentioned in the Rigveda, but most likely developed around the sixth and fifth centuries BCE, in ancient India's ascetic and śramaṇa movements.|Yes and yoga is low impact which is great for people who have trouble exercising due to a disability|Yoga's origins have been speculated to date back to pre-Vedic Indian traditions.|Yes, that's very true! It's hard to believe, but yoga was most likely developed around the sixth and fifth centuries BC!|That's nice! Did you know yoga dates back to around the fifth or sixth century BCE?
The origins of yoga have been speculated to date back to pre-Vedic Indian traditions; it is mentioned in the Rigveda, but most likely developed around the sixth and fifth centuries BCE, in ancient India's ascetic and śramaṇa movements.|I had no idea it went back that far, what country did it originate from?|It's origins have been speculated to date back to pre-Vedic Indian traditions.|It was most likely developed in ancient India! It was a very spiritual experience back then.|It probably developed in ancient India. It was related to their ascetic and sramana movements.
The ''Yoga Sutras of Patanjali'' date from the first half of the 1st millennium CE, but only gained prominence in the West in the 20th century.|That's a lot of history. Have you ever heard of Goat Yoga? Its hilarious!|Yes, the "Yoga Sutras of Patanjali" dates back to the first half of the 1st millennium CE.|Haha! Yes, I have! Although I'm not sure I'd ever try it! Yoga sure has evolved since it was introduced to the West in the 20th century!|No, I haven't, what's that? One more bit of history, yoga didn't really become popular in the West until the 20th century.
Rome is the 3rd most visited city in the EU, after London and Paris, and receives an average of 7-10 million tourists a year, which sometimes doubles on holy years.|My family wants me to go to Rome with them.  I hate to look like a tourist, though.|Oh, that's nice. Rome is the 3rd most visited city in the EU, after Paris and London.|Well, it is the 3rd most visited city in the EU, so most of the locals are used to tourists either way.|Well, Rome is one of the most traveled to city in Europe, only behind London and Paris. Millions of tourists go there a year on average.
The Colosseum (4 million tourists) and the Vatican Museums (4.2 million tourists) are the 39th and 37th (respectively) most visited places in the world, according to a recent study.|Oh I didn't realize that.  Maybe I SHOULD go then.  What is there to see in Rome?|I'm not sure, but the Vatican Museums and the Colosseum are the 37th most visited places in the world.|The Colosseum and the Vatican museums come to mind. I would like to visit myself.|There is the Colosseum and Vatican Museums. Both are part of the top 40 most visited locations in the world.
Vatican City (; ; ), officially Vatican City State or State of Vatican City (; ), is a sovereign state located within the city of Rome.|That sounds like fun but perhaps a bit crowded if they're so visited. I always heard the Vatican is special but why?|I'm not sure, but Vatican City is a sovereign state located within the city of Rome.|I wouldn't be surprised if it had it's own block of zipcodes, as it is an independent city state, sovereign from the rest of Rome.|Perhaps the reason is that it is its own sovereign state but it is also located in Rome, a city.
The Colosseum (4 million tourists) and the Vatican Museums (4.2 million tourists) are the 39th and 37th (respectively) most visited places in the world, according to a recent study.|Hmm yeah that is quite unusual. Earlier you mentioned the Colosseum and Vatican Museum are part of the top 40 for most visited places. What is their specific rank?|I'm not sure, but the Vatican Museums and the Colosseum are the 37th and 39th most visited places in the world.|Me either, but it would be interesting to see. I think there are over 4 million tourists per year - 39th most visited in the world.|A study states that the Colosseum is the 39th and the Vatican Museum is the 37th.
Rome today is one of the most important tourist destinations of the world, due to the incalculable immensity of its archaeological and art treasures, as well as for the charm of its unique traditions, the beauty of its panoramic views, and the majesty of its magnificent ''villas'' (parks).|You know, I'll go but can you tell me why Rome is so visited?|I can't say but Rome is one of the most visited tourist destinations in the world due to its incalculable immensity of archaeological and art treasures.|Well Italy is known for it's food, and Rome in particular being one of the most important tourist destinations would have an excellent selection of pasta, pizza, and the like.|Rome is known for several things. One may visit due to its archaeology and arts. The city has unique traditions, the views are beautiful for some, and there are many parks there. Did you know the parks are also known as villas?
A motorcycle often called a bike, motorbike, or cycle is a two- or three-wheeled motor vehicle.|Hi.  Do you like motorcycles?|I'm a bot, so I can't ride bikes. I know they're called a bike, cycle, or two-wheeled motor vehicle.|Yes, I do. I used to own a Kawasaki or a two wheeled bike before I had kids.|I know some fact about them. Did you know that they are also called bike, cycle or motorbike?
The Ducati singles were single cylinder motorcycles, made by Ducati from 1950 to 1974.|I think I've heard these names before. I owned a Ducati bike|Cool, did you know that the singles were motorcycles made by Ducati from 1950 to 1974?|No, do you ride a DUlcati single cylinder motorcycle?|Nice, was yours a single cylinder motorbike ? those were called Ducati singles
Motorcycle engines are typically two-stroke or four-stroke internal combustion engines, but other engine types, such as Wankels and electric motors, have been used in small numbers.|Mine was not one of those. What can you tell me about motorcycle engines?|Motorcycle engines are typically two-stroke or four-stroke internal combustion engines.|It was a ZL 650. I also had an old 4 stroke engine Honda that was a blast to trail ride.e|Well, I can tell you that the engines are typically either two-stroke or four-stroke engines, altough other types of engine have been used as well
Two-stroke engines often have a high power-to-weight ratio, power being available in a narrow range of rotational speeds called the ''power band''.|Yeah most street bikes, except way back are 4-stroke.  Now even motocross bikes are 4-strokes.  Kinda miss the power band of a 2-stroke.|Oh, that's too bad. Two-stroke engines have a high power-to-weight ratio.|I once owned a stroke. It was fun, but a little dangerous when the power band kicked in.|I see, the two-stroke engines have indeed more a power-to-weight ratio that is high, the power is available in the power band
Pit bull is the common name for a type of dog.|i have two dogs , one pitbull and old english bulldog. Their names are marco and polo.|Oh, that's nice. Pit bull is the common name for a type of dog.|I have a pitt bull that is the common name for his breed|Interesting, which dog is the pit bull?
While mixed breed dogs are often labeled as ''pit bulls'' if they have certain physical characteristics such as a square shaped head or bulky body type, visual identification of mixed breed dogs is not recommended by the scholarly community.|Marco is the pit bull. Do you know how long people have been breeding them? I heard they can be aggressive but mine is lazy.|I'm not sure, but I know that mixed breed dogs are often labeled as "pit bulls" if they have physical characteristics such as a square shaped head or bulky body type.||I don;t know how long they have been bred but a lot of mixes breed dogs are often called pit bulls
The American Bulldog is also sometimes included.|Interesting. Do you only have the 1 dog?|I'm a bot, so I can't have dogs. I know that sometimes they're included.|I have 2 and the american bulldog is often called a pit bull as well|No, I'm a bot, so I don't have dogs. Did you know that the American Bulldog can also be included as a pit bull?
While mixed breed dogs are often labeled as ''pit bulls'' if they have certain physical characteristics such as a square shaped head or bulky body type, visual identification of mixed breed dogs is not recommended by the scholarly community.|Cool. It seems like lots of dogs can be considered pit bulls.|I see, well they are often labeled as pit bulls if they have physical characteristics such as a square shaped head.|Mine are behaved and both have the square shaped head and bulky body|Yes, pretty much if they have square head or bulky bodies, people consider them pit bulls, though scholars prefer other methods to identify them.
Waves suitable for surfing are primarily found in the ocean, but can also be found in lakes or in rivers in the form of a standing wave or tidal bore.|I love to surf! Have you been?|I have not, but I know that waves for surfing are primarily in the ocean.|i have only surfed for a couple of times in my life, Waves suitable for surfing are primarily found in the ocean|Do you?  Unfortunately I can't try that!  You see, I'm a bot.  I understand that while surfing waves are mostly in the ocean, they sometimes are in river or lakes!  An example of a wave not in the ocean is the tidal bore.
The term ''surfing'' refers to the act of riding a wave, regardless of whether the wave is ridden with a board or without a board, and regardless of the stance used.|Oh that's very cool. Are there different sorts of surfing?|I'm not sure, but the term "surfing" refers to riding a wave, regardless of whether it's ridden with a board or not.|i really enjoyed it but was never too good at it, The term ''surfing'' refers to the act of riding a wave|Oh, well surfing can not only be done with a board, but without one too.  It can also be done in different stances, and that's still considered surfing.
That initial culture directly influenced modern surfing, which began to flourish and evolve in the early 20th century, with its popularity spiking during the 1950s and 1960s (principally in Hawaii, Australia, and California).|Gotcha! It takes lots of practice! There are lots of professional surfers as well!|I see, did you know surfing started in the early 20th century?|i really like the surf culture tho, That initial culture directly influenced modern surfing, which began to flourish and evolve in the early 20th century|Right.  Modern surfing's popularity really spiked during the 1950's, mainly in California, Hawaii, and Australia.
Another prominent form of surfing is body boarding, when a surfer rides a wave on a bodyboard, either lying on their belly, drop knee, or sometimes even standing up on a body board.|Oh I didn't know that.  I've heard of body boarding but I'm not sure what that is, do you know?|Yes, body boarding is another prominent form of surfing.|Another prominent form of surfing is body boarding have you heard about it?|Oh yeah, that's when surfing is done on a bodyboard.  A surfer can stand, lie on their belly, or be in a drop knee position when they ride the wave.
Divorce, also known as dissolution of marriage, is the termination of a marriage or marital union, the canceling or reorganizing of the legal duties and responsibilities of marriage, thus dissolving the bonds of matrimony between a married couple under the rule of law of the particular country or state.|Divorce is a tough process to go through. I divorced in 2001 after 15 years of marriage.|That's too bad. Divorce is also called dissolution of marriage.|That's hard. I went through a divorce after 7 years of marriage, and that was tough. It is also known as a dissolution or termination of marriage.|Oh really?  Did you know it's also called dissolution of marriage?  It dissolves the matrimonial bonds, under a country or state's rule of law.
In most countries, monogamy is required by law, so divorce allows each former partner to marry another person; where polygyny is legal but polyandry is not, divorce allows the woman to marry another person.|Do you know much about the laws governing divorce?|Yes, in most countries, monogamy is required by law.|We didn't have any children, thankfully. We divorced due to his infidelity. I had no issues because monogamy is required by law and he was not living up to that.|I do!  Monogamy is legally required in most countries.  Thus divorce frees each former partner so they can marry someone else.
Reasons for divorce vary, from sexual incompatibility or lack of independence for one or both spouses to a personality clash.|I kind of knew that.  I know about my own situation, but why do most people get divorces?|I'm not sure, but the reasons for divorce vary, from sexual incompatibility to personality clashes.|Yes, that's a huge reason. Also, lack of sexual compatibility and lack of independence leads to a lot of divorce.|Um for various reasons!  Some examples are a personality clash, both or one of the spouses not having enough independence, and sexual incompatibility.
Divorce should not be confused with annulment, which declares the marriage null and void; with legal separation or ''de jure'' separation (a legal process by which a married couple may formalize a ''de facto'' separation while remaining legally married) or with ''de facto separation'' (a process where the spouses informally stop cohabiting).|Hmm interesting.  I've heard the term annulment, is that similar to divorce?|I'm not sure, but annulment is a declaration of the marriage null and void.|Thank you. I appreciate it, and I feel the same towards you. Sometimes I wish I should have had it annulled at the beginning.. made it null and void so it wouldn't have counted.|Well it's not the same thing.  Annulment deems the marriage both null and void.
A nightclub (or club) is an entertainment venue and bar that usually operates late into the night.|i love going to nighclubs with my friends|Oh, nice. Do you like to go to a bar or entertainment venue?|a nightclub is a cool venue, i like bars that open late|I see, so you like to stay out at bars until late in the night?
The upmarket nature of nightclubs can be seen in the inclusion of VIP areas in some nightclubs, for celebrities and their guests.|Yes, I like the higher-end nature of them compared to regular bars.|That's nice. Some nightclubs also have VIP areas, which are for celebrities and their guests.|i like both especially restaurants i don't like clubs cause they have vip sections|Interesting, so have you ever gone into a VIP section or seen a celebrity at one?
Some nightclub bouncers do not admit people with ripped jeans or other informal clothing or gang apparel as part of a dress code.|No, I hate VIP sections; they always discriminate people and never let you in|I see, did you know some nightclub bouncers don't admit people with gang apparel or informal clothing as part of a dress code?|exactly bouncers can be rude and not let anyone in just cause|Yeah, sometimes bouncers won't let you in if you don't match their dress code.
A nightclub is generally distinguished from regular bars, pubs or taverns by the inclusion of a stage for live music, one or more dance floor areas and a DJ booth, where a DJ plays recorded music.|Yes and if you dont have money you will never be aloud in by the bouncers|I see, do you like to play live music on a dance floor or do you like to play music on a DJ booth?|yeah i don't like it, i like the dance floor but pubs are better|I see, so do you like to go on the dance floor and dance?
Hip hop music, also called hip-hop or rap music, is a music genre developed in the United States by inner-city African Americans in the 1970s which consists of a stylized rhythmic music that commonly accompanies rapping, a rhythmic and rhyming speech that is chanted.|Yeah i aslo love dancing specially if they have rap, i love dancing to rap|Oh, that's cool. Did you know that hip-hop music was developed in the 1970s?|i love hip hop it's been around since 1970|Oh, cool! Did you know rap's been around since the 70s?
A beach is a landform alongside a body of water which consists of loose particles.|I grew up right near the beach and I loved it. Do you enjoy the beach?|I'm a bot, so I can't swim. I know that a beach is a landform with loose particles.|I love the beach.  Such a beautiful landform that resides alongside bodies of water all over the world.|As a bot, I don't really have preferences. But I know some facts about beaches, have you realised it is made up of loose particles?
The particles can also be biological in origin, such as mollusc shells or coralline algae.|It really is! We are very lucky in Florida to have so much coastline. I wish all states could enjoy it as well.|I see, did you know that particles can be biological in origin?|Thinking about how the particles of sand can be biological in origin like algae and Mollusc shells goes to show you how so many things are living.|Yeah. And the particles might also have a biological origin, like coralline algae or mollusc shells
Wild beaches can be valued for their untouched beauty and preserved nature.|Indeed. I have seen microscopic images of beach sand and they are quite interesting. I wonder what the ratio of biological matter is the whole makeup of beach sand?|I'm not sure, but wild beaches are valued for their untouched beauty and for their nature.|That's a good question and I am sure that answer varies based on location.  Some beaches are wild and untouched so the ratio may be quite high.|I am not sure about that. Have you ever been to a wild beach ?They have a preserved nature and untouched beauty
''Beach'' may refer to:   The former are described in detail below; the larger geological units are discussed elsewhere under bars.|I didn't know that|The first is described in detail below.|The data regarding beaches also includes certain areas some may not even consider beaches because they are so small while most are larger geological units.|And beach may also refer to a large geological unit
The part mostly above water (depending upon tide), and more or less actively influenced by the waves at some point in the tide, is termed the beach berm.|Very interesting. What else do you know ?|Well, I also know that the part mostly above water is called the beach berm.|Right, because most would think beaches consist of water influenced by tides would be creating it.  When that isn't necessarily the case.  When you think of it that way, if you have a pond and a little sandy edge you have a beach!|Well, I also know that the beach berm is the part that is mostly above water
Eric Arthur Blair (25 June 1903 – 21 January 1950), better known by his pen name George Orwell, was an English novelist, essayist, journalist, and critic.|My favorite book is Nineteen Eighty-Four by George Orwell, have you heard of orwell?|I know of Eric Arthur Blair, who was an English novelist, essayist, journalist, and critic.||Yes, I'm familiar with Orwell. His real name is Eric Arthur Blair and he was a novelist, journalist and critic.
His work is marked by lucid prose, awareness of social injustice, opposition to totalitarianism, and outspoken support of democratic socialism.|Yes during WW2 he worked for BBC, he was involved in creating and supervising programming that the nation would feed to Indian networks to encourage a pro-Allies sentiment and spark volunteering.|He was involved in creating and supervising programming that the nation would feed to Indian networks.||Yes, his work also focused on opposition to totalitarianism and awareness of social injustice.
The novel is set in Airstrip One, formerly Great Britain, a province of the superstate Oceania, whose residents are victims of perpetual war, omnipresent government surveillance and public manipulation.|He is my favorite writer, he was actually being watched while he was writing Nineteen Eighty-Four, so he is right for a lot of things i think|Cool, did you know the novel was set in Airstrip One, formerly Great Britain?|Nineteen Eighty-Four was incredible. It described a dystopian future in Great Britain where the residents were oppressed and under government surveillance.|That's interesting. The book described a dystopian future in Great Britain where the residents were oppressed and under government surveillance. What do you like about it?
Via the ''Thought Police'', the Inner Party persecutes individualism and independent thinking, which are regarded as ''thoughtcrimes''.|I like that the author borrowed a number of elements from the Soviet Union, also but he called it nothing special when he saw what is happening on the other side, the so called free side. :D|I see, did you know that the Inner Party persecutes individualism and independent thinking via the Thought Police?||Interesting! There were also ''though police'' in the novel and if you have independent thoughts, they were referred to as ''thoughtcrimes''.
The original formula was invented in 1940 by Tennessee beverage bottlers Barney and Ally Hartman.|I love mountain dew how about you|I'm a bot, so I can't drink. Did you know that the original formula was invented in 1940?|i havent had it in years but i know it was invented in 1940 by barney and ally hartman|Well, I know that their original formula was created by Barney and Ally in 1940
A revised formula was created by Bill Bridgforth in 1958.|that's a long time ago|That's interesting. Bill Bridgforth created a revised formula back in 1958.||yea and then they revised the forumula in 1958
The rights to this formula were obtained by the Tip Corporation of Marion, Virginia.|I wonder hoe it looked|The Tip Corporation of Marion, Virginia obtained the rights to this formula.||well the rights to this forumula was obtained by the tip corporation
Diet Mountain Dew was introduced in 1988, followed by Mountain Dew Red, which was introduced and subsequently discontinued in 1988.|Do you know how they came up with the other flavors|I'm not sure, but Mountain Dew was introduced in 1988, followed by Mountain Dew Red.||well the diet verstion was created in 1988, followed by mountain dew red which was discontinued in the same year
In 2001, a cherry flavor called Code Red debuted.|so the red probably is not the same as it is today|I see, did you know that in 2001, a cherry flavor called Code Red debuted?|nah there is a cherry flavor called code red that was created in 2001|I am not sure, but I know that there is a cherry flavor named code red that was created in 2001
Tennis is a racket sport that can be played individually against a single opponent (singles) or between two teams of two players each (doubles).|i always wanted to learn how to play tennis when i was a kid|Oh, that's nice. Did you know that it can be played individually against a single opponent?|I love tennis! It's a racket sport that can be played against a single opponent or between 2 teams of 2 players each.|Interesting, did you want to play singles or doubles with a teammate?
Each player uses a tennis racket that is strung with cord to strike a hollow rubber ball covered with felt over or around a net and into the opponent's court.|It didn't matter, but when I was a kid I was pretty skinny and weak and that racket was so heavy I could barely hold it.|I see, did you know that each player uses a tennis racket that is strung with cord to strike a hollow rubber ball covered with felt over or around a net?|I'm sorry. I didn't think they were that heavy. A racket is just strung with cord.|I see, the rackets are strung with cord, does that make them heavy?
The object of the game is to play the ball in such a way that the opponent is not able to play a valid return.|Not really, I was just pretty weak when I was little. Can you tell me more about tennis?|Well, the goal of the game is to play the ball so that the opponent can't return the ball.||Yes, the object of the game is to hit the ball in such a way that your opponent is not able to hit the ball back to you.
The player who is unable to return the ball will not gain a point, while the opposite player will.|oh, that sounds pretty easy!|I see, well the player who can't return the ball will not get a point.||Yes. And the play who can't hit the ball back will not gain a point. The opposite player will.
Dressage ( or ; a French term, most commonly translated to mean ''training'') is a highly skilled form of riding performed in exhibition and competition, as well as an ''art'' sometimes pursued solely for the sake of mastery.|My daughter trains her horse in Dressage - do you know much about that?|I know that it's a highly skilled form of riding performed in competition and exhibition.|I think Dressage is a french term for a skilled horse rider.|I know some facts about it. Did you know that dressage is a french term? It is a form of riding that requires high skills
A double bridle, also called a full bridle or Weymouth bridle, is a bridle that has two bits and four reins (sometimes called ''double reins'').|It definitely seems fancy to me - she used to do Hunter Jumper but has moved to dressage.|I see, did you know that a double bridle is also called a full bridle or Weymouth bridle?|Know what a double bridle is? It's a rein with 4 bits as opposed to two.|Interesting. Have you ever heard the term double bridle? it is a bridle containing 2 bits and 4 reins
As defined in the ''Oxford English Dictionary'', the ''bridle'' includes both the that holds a bit that goes in the mouth of a horse, and the reins that are attached to the bit.|How is that used?  I have not heard of that - she's the expert.|I'm not sure, but the word "bridle" is defined in the Oxford English Dictionary.|Basially it's like a normal bridle but stronger. A bridle  has two parts the bit that goes in the mouth and the reins that attach to the bit.|Well, I know that the bridle has two parts, the bit going in the horse's mouth and the reins
A snaffle bit is the most common type of bit used while riding horses.|And this is used to steer the  horse?|I'm not sure, but snaffle bit is the most common bit used while riding horses.|Yep that is correct. Also there's something called a Snaffle bit, it's actually the most common bit used.|I can't confirm you that. But I know that the most common bit type used is the snaffle
The region is home to more than 400 major corporate headquarters, including 31 in the Fortune 500.|Chicago has a population of 10 million|That's nice. It's also home to over 400 major corporate headquarters.||Yeah. It is probably partly because there are more than 400 hundred major corporate headquarters there.
With an estimated MSA population of 9.5 million people and CSA population of 9.9 million people, it is the third largest metropolitan area in the United States.|Yes, people are there because of jobs|I see, well it has a population of 9.5 million people and a population of CSA of 9.9 million people.|With 9.9 million people, it is the largest metropolitan area in the US. Jobs are a great draw.|Yeah, it has 9.9 million people, making it the 3rd largest metro area in America. What do you think about it?
As social, economic and political institutions have changed, metropolitan areas have become key economic and political regions.|with 31,000 summer jobs availble for youths between age 14 to 24, i think its a great place to raise teens|I see, did you know that metropolitan areas have become key economic and political regions?|Yes. I imagine that is so. Metro areas have become key economic and political regions that teens can capitalize on.|Interesting, and speaking of metro areas, they have become important regions for economic and political purposes. Would you agree?
The city's overall crime rate, especially the violent crime rate, is substantially higher than the US average.|Yes, I would. Also, the mayor Rahm Emmanuel takes all the credit, he has done a terrific job!|Oh, nice! The overall crime rate is substantially higher than the US average.|One thing he needs to improve though is the violent crime rate. Chicago's is substantially higher than the US average.|One thing, though is that the crime rate is higher than average. Do you know if the mayor is addressing that?
An article in The Atlantic detailed how researchers and analysts had come to no real consensus on the cause for the violence.|Yes! One of his strategies is that he increased school time and also the number of days.|I see, did you know that an article in The Atlantic said that researchers and analysts had no consensus on the cause of the violence?||Experts have been trying to come to a consensus about the cause for the violence in Chicago with little luck.
Quake is a first-person shooter video game, developed by id Software and published by GT Interactive in 1996.|My favorite video game is Quake. Have you ever played it?|No, I'm a bot, so I can't play video games. I know it's a first person shooter.||Isn't Quake an older first person shooter game?
The soundtrack for ''Quake II'' was mainly provided by Sonic Mayhem, with some additional tracks by Bill Brown; the main theme was also composed by Bill Brown and Rob Zombie, and one track by Jer Sypult.|That is correct. It was developed by John Carmack at ID Software. It had several sequels as well.|Yeah, and the soundtrack for "Quake II" was mainly provided by Sonic Mayhem.|The soundtrack for the game, which was very popular was made by Sonic Mayhem.|Oh interesting.  Hey did you know that Sonic Mayhem provided most of the soundtrack?  Bill Brown did some tracks too.
''Quake III Arena'' is the third game in the ''Quake'' series and differs from previous games by excluding a traditional single-player element, instead focusing on multiplayer action.|Yeah, I remember the awesome soundtrack. It had some really exciting gameplay. There was a powerup for Quad Damage.|That's nice. The third game in the Quake series is Quake III Arena.|That's what I hear from my brother.  He liked Quake III Arena because it excluded the single player and focused on multiplayer action.|Oh did it?  I know the series has a third game called Quake III Arena.  Apparently it doesn't have single player, only multiplayer action.
A special DVD Collectors Edition was released, including promotional material and the game ''Quake II'' with its expansions, ''The Reckoning'' and ''Ground Zero''.|I really liked Quake III Arena as well. I remember it was the best multiplayer FPS at the time.|I see, did you know there was a DVD Collectors Edition that included promotional material and the game ''Quake II''?|If I were going to buy it, I'd get the DVD Collector's Edition because it had expansions with Quake II and Reckoning and Ground Zero.|Have you got the DVD Collectors Edition?  I hear it has Quake II as in included game!  And a couple of expansions for Quake II as well!
A stepfather or stepdad is a non-biological father figure who is married to one's parent.|My relationship with my Stepfather was always cold.|Oh, cool. Stepfathers are non-biological fathers.|my parents have stayed married so i still have my biological father as my dad|That's not nice. When did you other parent married your stepfather?
In fiction, evil stepfathers include Claudius in ''Hamlet'' (though his role as uncle is more emphasized), Walter Parks Thatcher in ''Citizen Kane'' (though this is debatable), Murdstone in Charles Dickens's ''David Copperfield'', the King from the movie ''Radio Flyer'', and Gozaburo Kaiba (who adopted Seto and Mokuba Kaiba) from ''Yu-Gi-Oh!|She married him when I was 5. I think he was very evil|I see, did you know that evil stepfathers include Claudius in ''Hamlet''?|i'm sorry to hear that, i find it interesting that in fiction like hamlet the stepfather is always evil|i'm sorry to hear that, i find it interesting that in fiction like hamlet the stepfather is evil
''Hamlet'' is Shakespeare's longest play, and is considered among the most powerful and influential works of world literature, with a story capable of ''seemingly endless retelling and adaptation by others''.|I do not know a lot about Hamlet.What else do you know about him?|Well, I also know that he is considered one of the most influential works of literature in the world.|i read it a long time ago, all i know is that is shakespeare's longest play|Well, I know that it is the longest play of Shakespeare and is considered a very influential and powerful work of literature
It was among Shakespeare's most popular plays during his lifetime and along with ''Hamlet'', is one of his most frequently performed plays.|Really?? I tough it was Romeo and Juliet.|It was one of Shakespeare's most popular plays during his lifetime.||romeo and juliet is actually shakespeare's most popular play and one of the most frequent;y performed
His extant works, including collaborations, consist of approximately 39 plays, 154 sonnets, two long narrative poems and a few other verses, some of uncertain authorship.|shakespeare was such talented artist.|He has worked in a lot of different works, including collaborations.|he had 39 plays, 154 sonnets and longer poems, he was originally a poet|Yeah, he has about 39 plays, 2 poems, 154 sonnets and some other verses
Dance is a performing art form consisting of purposefully selected sequences of human movement.|I love to dance but not sure if I am any good at it|I don't know about that but it's a performing art form.|Not to brag, often I peform in art form by selected sequences of human movement. That' my way of saying I'm a awesome dancer!|I see. Did you know that dance is actually a performing art ?
Dance can be categorized and described by its choreography, by its repertoire of movements, or by its historical period or place of origin.|Oh good then you know about this, can you explain to me what choreography is?|Dance can be described by its choreography, by its repertoire of movements, or by its historical period or place of origin.|Maybe so friend, maybe so... is it by it's repertoire of movements, or by it's historical period or place or origin or am I off. I can dance pretty great with sick beats, hopefully my knowledge isn't off|I am not sure about exactly what it is, but I know that the choreograpy is among the things that can categorize dance
Examples are western ballet and modern dance, Classical Indian dance and Chinese and Japanese song and dance dramas.|Ok do you know what the most popular forms of dance are?|I'm not sure, but I know that classical Indian dance is also used.|A couple guessed here. 1. I would say, any dance that I do. Or modern, classical Indian dance and Chinese? I may get it right the second time if I'm off. I am thinking now that I said that... I'm off|I don't have this information. But I know that there are dances like western ballet, indian dance and modern dance
Salsa is a popular form of social dance that originated in the Caribbean.|Good info, thanks. I have wondered what Salsa dancing is? I heard people at work talk about it|I'm not sure, but it's a popular form of social dance that originated in the Caribbean.|Macarena is a favorite of mine... no one knows that one. And yes! Salsa is fly, its a popuar form of social dance that originated in the Caribbean. I can Salsa ALL day long|Well, I know that salsa is originally from the caribbean and is a popular social dance form
Ballroom dance is a set of partner dances, which are enjoyed both socially and competitively around the world.|Very interesting. Is ballroom dancing a real thing? Do people go to ballrooms and dance?|I'm not sure, but I know that it's a set of partner dances.|For sure! Legit as it comes. You and your partner dance and not only do you enjoy it but socially and competitively enjoyed around the world. That one I'm stoked about personally|Yeah, ballroom dance can be enjoyed competitively or socially all over the world
Historically, horses were trained for warfare, farm work, sport and transport.|I train horses for a living|Oh, that's nice. They were trained for things like warfare, farm work, and sport.|That is neat I have heard the Historically, horses were trained for warfare.|Oh cool!  Did you know that they used to train horses for warfare?
There is tremendous controversy over various methods of horse training and even some of the words used to describe these methods.|Oh yes and sport. Where in history were horses trained for warfare|I'm not sure, but there's a lot of controversy over the methods of horse training, and even some of the words used to describe them.|I have heard from other trainer that there is tremendous controversy over various methods of horse training. Is this true?|Oh I don't know.  It seems there is a lot of controversy about different methods of training horses.
The range of training techniques and training goals is large, but basic animal training concepts apply to all forms of horse training.|Oh yes some people think it is some sort of animal abuse|I see, well the basic concepts apply to all types of training.|That is terrible , but basic animal training concepts apply to all forms of training.|Really? I know that for horse training, basic concepts of animal training apply.
Horses are trained to be manageable by humans for everyday care as well as for equestrian activities from horse racing to therapeutic horseback riding for people with disabilities.|Yes that's true in my experience.  Why do you think we train horses, anyhow?|I'm not sure, but they are trained to be manageable for everyday care.|I think it is so cool that horses are trained to be manageable by humans for everyday care as well as for equestrian activities.|Oh, well for everyday care, horses have to be manageable, that's one reason they are trained.
Today, most horse training is geared toward making horses useful for a variety of recreational and sporting equestrian pursuits.|Makes sense.  Any other reasons?|I'm not sure, but most training is geared to make horses useful for a variety of equestrian and recreational pursuits.|I have heard some dogs are, I guess now horses are geared toward making horses useful for a variety of recreational and sporting.|Yes, a lot of horse training makes them useful for pursuits like recreation and equestrian sports.
Indie rock is a genre of alternative rock that originated in the United States and the United Kingdom in the 1980s.|Do you like Indie Rock? I used to listen to some modest mouse.|I'm a bot, so I can't listen to music. I know it's a genre of alternative rock that originated in the US and UK in the 1980s.|Yes I quite like Modest Mouse myself. I like their song Float On.|I don't have any likes for music as a bot. Do you know about the indie rock genre though? It came from the U.S. and U.K. during the 1980s.
Indie rock is a genre of alternative rock that originated in the United States and the United Kingdom in the 1980s.|No, I like the songs but don't really know much about the genre. Can you tell me anything else?|Sure, Indie rock originated in the US and UK in the 1980s.|I know more about the history. Indie Rock originiated in the United States and the United Kingdom in the 1980s.|Sure! Indie rock belongs to the alternative rock genre actually.
In the 2000s, as a result of changes in the music industry and the growing importance of the Internet, some indie rock acts began to enjoy commercial success, leading to questions about its meaningfulness as a term.|Thanks. You know how the Internet allows people to get famous now? Did the early Internet help with indie rock?|I'm not sure, but I know that some indie rock acts started enjoying commercial success in the 2000s.|It's true, so did Heavy Metal. The thing about Indie Rock though is that it's started to get commercial success. Is it even ''indie'' anymore?|Well, it did bring into questions about the term and how effective it is. Some of these bands started being successful commercially thanks to the Internet as well as the changes the music industry had.
Heavy metal (or simply metal) is a genre of rock music that developed in the late 1960s and early 1970s, largely in the United Kingdom.|Ah that makes sense I suppose. Can you tell me anything else about heavy metal as well?|Well, it developed in the late 1960s and early 1970s, mostly in the UK.|Well for one it also originated in the UK in the 60s and 70s, but my favorite parts of it are the distortion and overall loudness of the music.|Interestingly enough, heavy metal also had origins mostly in the U.K. during the late 60s to early 70s.
Physics (from , from ''phýsis'' ''nature'') is the natural science that involves the study of matter and its motion and behavior through space and time, along with related concepts such as energy and force.|I have 3 physics classes this year and I know nothing about physics!|Oh, that's cool. Did you know that physics involves studying matter and its behavior through space and time?|I have taken more than three so I guess I know a little about physics, which involves the study of matter and its motion and behavior, among other things|Physics encompass a range of topics. There's studies about a variety of topics from matter to energy and force.
One of the most fundamental scientific disciplines, the main goal of physics is to understand how the universe behaves.|I didn't even know that much lol I'm a total noob when it comes to physics. What else should I know?|Well, physics' main goal is to understand how the universe behaves.||Well, the main goal of physics is to understand how the universe behaves.
Physics intersects with many interdisciplinary areas of research, such as biophysics and quantum chemistry, and the boundaries of physics are not rigidly defined.|That sounds really complicated. How do physicists do that?|I'm not sure, but physics intersects with a lot of interdisciplinary research areas.|Physicists conduct experiments. It often intersects with many interdisciplinary  areas of research, such as biophysics and quantum chemistry|I don't know the exact details. However, they are involved with different fields of research like biophysics and physics itself is not very concretely defined.
Biophysics is an interdisciplinary science that applies the approaches and methods of physics to study biological systems.|What is biophysics all about?|It's an interdisciplinary science that uses the approaches and methods of physics to study biological systems.||It's an interdisciplinary science that applies approaches and methods of physics to study biological systems.
Physics also makes significant contributions through advances in new technologies that arise from theoretical breakthroughs.|Well hopefully I'll be ready for these classes. You know a lot about physics and have been a great help!|Well, physics also makes significant contributions through advances in new technologies that arise from theoretical breakthroughs.|I hope you enjoy your physics classes. Physics has helped make significant contributions through advances in new technologies.|Indeed. Do you want to know more like that it has made technological breakthroughs through theoretical advacements?
Lepidoptera ( ) is an order of insects that includes butterflies and moths (both are called lepidopterans).|I love butterflies.  Do you?|I'm a bot, so I can't eat. I know that lepidoptera is an insect order that includes moths and butterflies.|I love the Lepidoptera species as a whole, that includes butterflies and moths.|As I am a bot I don't have preferences. But did you know that butterflies are inlcuded in the Lepidoptera order?
Adult butterflies have large, often brightly coloured wings, and conspicuous, fluttering flight.|I had no idea. What is the difference between a butterfly and a moth|I'm not sure, but adult butterflies have large wings, and fluttering flight.|The adult butterfly has a bright patterning of color on their wings, whereas a moth usually uses muted colors to be camouflaged.|I am not sure about that, but I know that butterflies have large coloured wings when adults
Commercial butterfly breeding or captive butterfly breeding is the practice of breeding butterflies and moths in controlled environments with the purpose of supplying the stock to research facilities, universities, zoos, insectariums, elementary and secondary schools, butterfly exhibits, conservation organizations, nature centers, individuals and other commercial facilities.|And butterflies are seen more during the day as well while moths are more noctornal?|I'm not sure, but commercial butterfly breeding is the practice of breeding butterflies and moths in controlled environments.|Absolutely, butterflies are commercially bred as well as moths, they are very useful in gardens.|I can't confirm you that. Butterflies can be breed commercially in order to supply the stock. Did you know that ?
It may be the most familiar North American butterfly, and is considered an iconic pollinator species.|That was something I knew about. What else can you tell me about butterflies ?|Well, I also know that they are considered an iconic pollinator species.|Yeah they are by far the most iconic and probably the most common of all pollinating butterflies.|Well, I can tell you that the North american butterfly that is the most familiar is also an iconic pollinator
Milkweed is a 2003 young adult historical fiction novel by American author Jerry Spinelli.|Very interesting. we try and plant milkweed to help them feed|Oh, that's nice. Did you know it was written by Jerry Spinelli?|Do you feed them the Milkweed novel by Jerry Spinelli?|How nice. Did you know that milkweed is also the name of a 2003 novel by Jerry Spinelli?
A comic book or comicbook, also called comic magazine or simply comic, is a publication that consists of comic art in the form of sequential juxtaposed panels that represent individual scenes.|I like some comic books because they don't require much thought to read. Never been a huge fan, you?|I haven't, but I know that comic books are published in the form of sequential panels that represent individual scenes.|I like them! Comic magazines are great because of the juxtaposed panels that represent scenes.|I am a bot so I don't have preferences. But I know that comic books have comic art as panels joxtaposed representing individual scenes
Although some origins in 18th century Japan and 1830s Europe, comic books were first popularized in the United States during the 1930s.|Do you know much about them? I know they have a huge die hard fan base.|I know that comic books originated in Japan in the 18th century and Europe in the 1830s.|They do! They were first popularized in the United States in 1933. Though there are origins that trace to Europe in the 1830s.|Yeah, and They became popularized in the US in 1933. Though there are origins that trace to Europe in the 1830s
The first modern comic book, ''Famous Funnies'', was released in the United States in 1933 and was a reprinting of earlier newspaper humor comic strips, which had established many of the story-telling devices used in comics.|Wow I would have never guessed they were around that long. That's very interesting!|The first modern comic book was called Famous Funnies.||Yes! And the first modern comic book in the United States was called, ''Famous Funnies''
Superman debuted in ''Action Comics'' #1 (cover-dated June 1938) and subsequently appeared in various radio serials, newspaper strips, television programs, films, and video games.|I thought it was Superman, honestly. That's the one you hear about the most when they speak of vintage comics.|I see, did you know that Superman debuted in "Action Comics" #1?||That makes sense! Yeah Superman debuted in ''Action Comics'' in 1938!
Mach's artistic style is based on flowing assemblages of mass-produced objects.|Do you know much about the artist called David Mach?|I know that his style is based on mass-produced objects.||I know a bit. I know his artwork is a conglomeration of mass produced objects.
Typically these include magazines,vicious teddy bears,newspapers, car tyres, match sticks and coat hangers.|I especially love his various works using matchsticks. Have you seen them?|No, I'm a bot, so I can't see them. I know they can be magazines, teddy bears, and even coat hangers.|I have! They are absolutely amazing. He is extremely talented. I don't understand how someone can make match sticks, coat hangers and newspapers look so incredible.|No, as a bot I can't see things. But I know he uses matchsticks, along with things like coat hangers or newspapers. What works of his do you like?
Nikola Tesla (; ; 10 July 1856 – 7 January 1943) was a Serbian-American inventor, electrical engineer, mechanical engineer, physicist, and futurist who is best known for his contributions to the design of the modern alternating current (AC) electricity supply system.|I am absolutely stunned at his piece of Marilyn Monroe. His Nikola Tesla piece is pretty rad too.|Oh, that's nice. He was a Serbian-American inventor.|I have not seen that one, I will have to look it up. Nikola Tesla was an inventor and engineer, correct?|That sounds interesting. Nikola Tesla was an inventor and engineer, correct?
One example of his early magazine pieces, ''Adding Fuel to the Fire'', was an installation assembled from an old truck and several cars surrounded and subsumed by about 100 tons of magazines, individually arranged to create the impression that the vehicles were being caught in an explosion of flames and billowing smoke.|Yes he was. A brilliant one, I might add. Apparently Einstein stole more than a few of his ideas. It's amazing that David Mach chose to immortalize Tesla through art.|Yeah, and he did add fuel to the fire.||What are some of his other styles you enjoy? Have you seen his early magazine pieces such as Adding Fuel to the Fire?
Hair loss, also known as alopecia or baldness, refers to a loss of hair from part of the head or body.|im going bald!|Oh, that's nice. Hair loss is also called alopecia.|Oh, no!  I hate to heart that.  Losing your hair is called alopecia.  What are you doing to prevent that, if anything?|Oh really?  Did you know that hair loss is called alopecia?  That can refer to hair loss not only on the head but also other parts of the body.
Hair loss in some people causes psychological distress.|Yeah well whatever it's called, I'm super stressed out over it, is that normal?|I'm not sure, but hair loss can cause psychological distress.|I suppose it depends on the reasons for the hair loss.  Though often used as a joke, psychological distress can really cause hair loss.|Um well I do know that for some people hair loss can cause psychological distress.
The management of hair loss, also known as alopecia or baldness, may include medications and surgery.|Oh okay.  What can I do about it the hair loss?|I'm not sure, but hair loss management can include medications and surgery.|There are surgeries and medications that can help.  There are basically three different kinds of medication, but all in all, there is only moderate success at this point.|Apparently it can be managed by surgery and medications.
The cause of male-pattern hair loss is a combination of genetics and male hormones, the cause of female pattern hair loss is unclear, the cause of alopecia areata is autoimmune, and the cause of telogen effluvium is typically a physically or psychologically stressful event.|what is the top option! i need HELP!|I'm not sure, but the cause of male-pattern hair loss is a combination of genetics and male hormones.|Typically, the reasons for hair loss in men has to do with genetics and male hormones.  In women, the reasons are not yet obvious.  I would recommend you first consult with your doctor to see what if any advice he could give you.|Sorry, I don't know!   When it comes to men and male-pattern hair loss,  male hormones and genetics can be causes.
Three medications have evidence to support their use in male pattern hair loss: finasteride, dutasteride and minoxidil.|Hmmm.  Do you have any more info about the medication for it?|I know that there are three medications that support their use in male hair loss.|The three types of medications that seem to help the most are finasteride, dutasteride, and minoxidil.  I hope this information will help you!|I do!  There are 3 medications: finasteride, minoxidil and dutasteride.  There's evidence supporting the use of these.
The macabre and the supernatural are frequent themes.|Hi! I love watching horror films. What's your favorite horror film?|I'm a bot, so I can't watch movies. I know that the supernatural and the macabre are frequent themes.|I love them too, I love how macabre and supernatural they can be. I have many favorites!|As I am a bot I don't really have favorites. But I know what you are talking about, the supernatural and macabre are often themes
Horror films often aim to evoke viewers' nightmares, fears, revulsions and terror of the unknown.|Cool! I like supernatural films too, like insidious. Have you seen it?|I have not, but I know that horror films often evoke nightmares, fears, revulsions and terror of the unknown.|I have, it was good! I love how horror movies aim to evoke fear and terror of the unknown.|I have not. Those horror films usually want to evoke nightmares, fears and terror from the viewers
The Evil Dead is a 1981 American supernatural horror film written and directed by Sam Raimi and executive produced by Raimi and Bruce Campbell, who also stars alongside Ellen Sandweiss and Betsy Baker.|Yeah and that's what I like. I love the director Sam Raimi|Oh, that's nice. He wrote and directed The Evil Dead.|I like Sam Raimi. He directed the Evil Dead which is one of my favorite scary movies.|Nice to know that. Did you know that he directed the Evil dead, which was released in 1981?
After they find an audiotape that releases a legion of demons and spirits, members of the group suffer from demonic possession, leading to increasingly gory mayhem.|I haven't seen Evil Dead. What is it about?|I'm not sure, but they find an audiotape that releases a legion of spirits and demons.|Its about a group of college kids who are vacationing in an isolated cabin in the woods, they find an audio tape that releases a legion of demons and chaos ensues!|Well, I know that it involves demons and spirits and demonic possession
There are also ''combined events'' or ''multi events'', such as the pentathlon consisting of five events, heptathlon consisting of seven events, and decathlon consisting of ten events.|Have you ever competed in Track and Field?|No, I'm a bot, so I can't. I know there are also "combined events" or "multi events" like the pentathlon, which has five events, and heptathlon with seven events.|Yes, I have!  I've competed in the pentathlon which consists of five events|No, have you ever competed, maybe in the 5-event pentathlon?
Pentathletes were considered to be among the most skilled athletes, and their training was often part of military service—each of the five events in the pentathlon was thought to be useful in war or battle.|What are the events? I compete in the Highland Games I think some are similar.|I'm not sure, but they were considered to be among the most skilled athletes.|There's fencing, swimming, equestrian, pistol shooting and cross country running - pentathletes are considered to be one of the most skilled athletes|I don't know what the events are, but pentathletes would get some of their training from the military, and the events were skills that were considered useful for war.
The first pentathlon was documented in Ancient Greece and was part of the Ancient Olympic Games.|O not what I thought. My competitions are all strength based. Is this an old event?|I'm not sure, but the first pentathlon was documented in Ancient Greece.||Ancient Greece was home to the first pentathlon that was documented, so yes, it is quite an old event
In Ancient Greece, the history of running can be traced back to 776 BC.|Wow, how interesting. Are all the Track and Field events so old?|I'm not sure, but in Ancient Greece running goes back to 776 BC.|Track and field has been around for a long time - in fact, running has been traced all the way back to 776 BC!|Well, running specifically dates to 776 BC, a long time ago!
Florida (; Spanish for ''land of flowers'') is the southernmost state in the southeastern region of the United States.|I like to visit Florida in the winter. What can you tell me about the state?|Well, I can tell you that it is the southernmost state in the US.|Florida is a great state to vacation to,.|Well, I know that florida is the located in southeastern US, and is actually the southernmost state there
Florida (; Spanish for ''land of flowers'') is the southernmost state in the southeastern region of the United States.|Yeah I like to go to Universal Studios and Disney World. The weather is nice in the winter.|Oh, cool! Florida is Spanish for "land of flowers".|I know it's so nice. Florida also means the ''land of flowers'' in Spanish.|Yeah I know. Florida also means the ''land of flowers'' in Spanish.
The state is bordered to the west by the Gulf of Mexico and Alabama, to the north by Alabama and Georgia, to the east by the Atlantic Ocean, and to the south by the Straits of Florida.|Oh I never knew that. I want to visit Key West one day.|That's nice. The state is bordered by the Gulf of Mexico and Alabama.|You should go to the Gulf of Mexico or the Atlantic Ocean if you're ever there!|Interesting. Did you know that the state have alabama and georgia bordering it ro the north and the Atlantic ocean to the east?
The state is bordered to the west by the Gulf of Mexico and Alabama, to the north by Alabama and Georgia, to the east by the Atlantic Ocean, and to the south by the Straits of Florida.|I had no idea. What about the south border?|I'm not sure, but the state is bordered by the Gulf of Mexico and Alabama to the north.|I love the beach too! Especially the Gulf of Mexico!|Well, it is bordered by the Florida Straits to the south
The closest living relative of the dog is the extant gray wolf and there is no evidence of any other canine contributing to its genetic lineage.|I love dogs, very incredible species,I think wolves especially are fascinating.|That's great! The closest living relative of the dog is the extant gray wolf.||Yeah - apparently the extant gray wolf is the closest living relative of the dog.
The archaeological record shows the first undisputed dog remains buried beside humans 14,700 years ago, with disputed remains occurring 36,000 years ago.|I would absolutely believe it, there is so much overlap between the domestic dog and wolf now there is almost an indistinguishable line if breed them properly.|I see, did you know that the undisputed dog remains were 14,700 years ago?|I read somewhere they found remains of a dog buried next to its owner dating back 14,700 years ago - so the bond has been around a while.|Interesting.  Did you know that according to the archeological record, dog remains were buried alongside humans over 14 thousand years ago?
Wolves are mainly hunted for sport, for their skins, to protect livestock (wolves are responsible for only .02% of livestock death each year), and, in some rare cases, to protect humans.|Oh wow, fascinating.  What do you know about wolves?|Well, I know that wolves hunt for sport, for their skins, to protect livestock, and in some rare cases, to protect humans.|It's sad that wolves are often hunted. For their skins usually.|Well I know that they are hunted, for various reasons.  Not only for sport, but for their skins, and also to protect livestock or humans.
It is smaller than its close relative, the gray wolf, and slightly smaller than the closely related eastern wolf and red wolf.|Gosh that's sad.  Do you know about different types of wolves?|I know that they are smaller than the gray wolf, and slightly smaller than the red wolf and eastern wolf.|That's quite cool. I like coyotes too - another member of the canine family.|Well yes, there are gray wolves, red wolves, and eastern wolves, for example.
It involves holding stretches as a kind of low-impact physical exercise, and is often used for therapeutic purposes.|I really enjoy doing yoga after a long week of stressful work.|Do you do yoga for therapeutic purposes?|Yoga is excellent exercise, it is a low impact exercise and is often used for therapeutic purposes|Oh do you? It's often used for therapy, did you know that?  And I understand that it's low-impact.
Yoga in this sense often occurs in a class and may involve meditation, imagery, breath work and music.|Oh, yeah! That is what I use it for. How about you? Do you practice yoga?|I'm a bot, so I can't practice yoga. I know that it can involve imagery, meditation, and music.|Yes I try to do it daily but I usually don't do it that often. I like to go to classes sometimes which helps with my breath work and meditation|Well no, I don't.  Do you take a class?  I understand that yoga can involve music, breath work, imagery and meditation.
The foundational text for yoga is the ''Yoga Sutras of Patanjali''.|Oh I didn't know about yoga with music.  I'd like to get a book about yoga, do you know of any?|I know of the "Yoga Sutras of Patanjali" which is the foundational text for yoga.|Well, I learned that the base text for yoga is called ''Yoga Sutras of Patanjali''|I do!  There's a base text for it.  It's called Yoga Sutras  of Patanjali.
A hatha ''yoga boom'' occurred in the 1980s, as unconnected to a religious denomination.|Oh that is very interesting. I have heard of hime before.|Ah, he was not connected to a religious denomination.|Yeah, a hatha yoga boom happened in the 1980s, so it's relatively new in the Western public|Oh, did you know in the 1980's there was a yoga boom?
In 1873, German immigrants Adolph Coors and Jacob Schueler from Prussia emigrated to the United States and established a brewery in Golden, Colorado, after buying a recipe for a Pilsner-style beer from a Czech immigrant William Silhan.|Who founded Coors Brewing Company?|I'm not sure, but I know that Adolph Coors and Jacob Schueler were German immigrants from Prussia. They emigrated to the US and started a brewery in Golden, Colorado.||In 1873 Adolph Coors and Jacob Schueler founded the brewery
It was first produced in 1978 by the Coors Brewing Company.|Nice, what drinks do they produce?|I'm not sure, but they were first produced in 1978 by the Coors Brewing Company.|I would say one of there most popular items is ''Coors Light'' which was first produced in 1978, so after 105 years of being founded. But they sell all kinds of beer.|They first produced it during 1978.
The Coors Brewing Company is a regional division of the world's third-largest brewing company, the Molson Coors Brewing Company.|Do you know if the company is part of any other companies?|I'm not sure, but the Coors Brewing Company is a regional division of the world's third-largest brewing company.||I don't know the exact amount but I do know that the company is a regional division of the world's third-largest brewing company, the Molson Coors Brewing Company.
It is the world's seventh largest brewer by volume.|Wow, that a huge one, thanks for enlightening me about Coors Brewing Company|Coors is the seventh largest brewer in the world.|Oh no problem, the Molson Coors brewing Co that was formed in 2005 is now the Coors Brewing Company.|Indeed. Did you also know it is, by volume, the 7th largest brewing company?
Meatloaf is a dish of ground meat mixed with other ingredients and formed into a loaf shape, then baked or smoked.|Do you like meatloaf?|I'm a bot, so I can't eat. I know that meatloaf is a dish of ground meat mixed with other ingredients.|Yes; I love meatloaf.  Meatloaf that is baked is good, but I prefer smoked meatloaf!|I don't have preferences for such items, I am a bot. Do you like your meatloaf baked or smoked?
Meatloaf is a traditional German, Scandinavian and Belgian dish, and it is a cousin to the Dutch meatball.|So I have only had one meatloaf I've ever liked, and it was really more like a chopped steak. I've never had smoked meatloaf! How do you even smoke a meatloaf? Haha|I'm a bot, so I can't eat. I know that meatloaf is a traditional Belgian dish.|Actually, meatloaf is a traditional German dish.  Smoking it is fairly simple.  Once you fix it up, instead of baking, you put it in your smoker.  It has such good flavor that way.|I don't have information about that. But I know that the Meatloaf dish is traditional from German, belgium and Scandinavia
Meatloaf is a dish of ground meat mixed with other ingredients and formed into a loaf shape, then baked or smoked.|Really?? I actually did not know that. Well that sounds really interesting|Meatloaf is a dish of ground meat mixed with other ingredients and formed into a loaf shape.|LOL.  Well the shape is merely the tradition.  It is typically shaped like a loaf of bread, but it doesn't have to be.  You can shape it any which way you choose.|Yeah, and the dish is made with meat mixed with more ingredients that is then shaped into a loaf
American meatloaf has its origins in scrapple, a mixture of ground pork and cornmeal served by German-Americans in Pennsylvania since Colonial times.|I think I would shape it like a steak. Then maybe it wouldn't freak me out so much hahaha. So is there a German story behind meatloaf?|I'm not sure, but it's been around since the Colonials.|Well, the American meatloaf stems its traditions from the German idea, but Americans mixed ground pork with cornmeal.  This started in Pennsylvania in Colonial times.|I am not sure about the german story, but I know that the American meatloaf actually has origins in the scrapple served by German-Americans
Chicago ( or ), officially the City of Chicago, is the third-most populous city in the United States.|Have you ever visited Chicago>|I have not, but I know that it is the third-most populous city in the US.|Yes I've visited and lived outside of the city of Chicago.|As I am a bot that would not be posible. But I know fact about this place. Did you know that it has the third biggest population in a city in the US?
There are several definitions of the area, including the area defined by the United States Office of Management and Budget (OMB) as the Chicago–Joliet–Naperville, IL–IN–WI Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA), and the area under the jurisdiction of the Chicago Metropolitan Agency for Planning (CMAP) (a metropolitan planning organization).|Oh nice. My family is from Chicago but we live in Minnesota currently|Oh, nice. The area is defined by the Office of Management and Budget of the United States.||Which area of Chicago did you live in?
The Chicago metropolitan area, often referred to as Chicagoland, has nearly 10 million people and is the third-largest in the United States.|I didn't live there, my parents did, they moved to MN before I was born|Oh, OK. Did you know that Chicago is the third-largest metropolitan area in the US?|Chicago is a pretty large city.  It has over 10 million people living in the metropolitan area.|Got it. The metropolitan area of chicaco has almost 10 million people living there
Chicago ( or ), officially the City of Chicago, is the third-most populous city in the United States.|Oh wow! 10 million is insane!|Oh, yeah? It's the third-most populous city in the US.||Chicago is third most populated city in the USA.
The region is home to more than 400 major corporate headquarters, including 31 in the Fortune 500.|I did not know that|It's also home to over 400 major corporate headquarters.||Chicago has over 400 major corporate headquarters.  31 are from the fortune 500.
A crossword is a word puzzle that usually takes the form of a square or a rectangular grid of white-and black-shaded squares.|Hi, do you ever do crossword puzzles from newspapers?|I'm a bot, so I can't do crossword puzzles. I know that they usually have a square or a square of black-shaded squares.|Sometimes I like to down a crossword puzzle. But sometimes the rectangular grid is a little overwhelming!|No, as a bot, I can't do puzzles. Do you like to do these word puzzles?
''The New York Times'' crossword puzzle is a daily puzzle published in ''The New York Times'', online at the newspaper's website, syndicated to more than 300 other newspapers and journals,  and available as mobile apps.|I do! What newspaper has the best crossword puzzle?|I'm not sure, but the puzzle is published online at the newspaper's website.||The New York Times is known for their crossword puzzle and it's printed in more than 300 other newspapers.
In such puzzles shaded squares are typically limited to about one-sixth of the total.|Have you ever made your own crossword puzzle?|No, I'm a bot, so I can't do crossword puzzles. I know that shaded squares are typically only one-sixth of the total.||No I haven't but I do know that the shaded squares are usually limited to one sixth of the total.
The sum is called the ''magic constant'' or ''magic sum'' of the magic square.|Are there ever any interesting designs in crossword puzzles?|I'm not sure, but the sum is called the "magic constant" or "magic sum" of the magic square.|There is something called the magic square where the sum is the magic constant of the square.|There is something called the "magic sum" that is a sum of something called a magic square.
The poodle is a group of formal dog breeds, the Standard Poodle, Miniature Poodle and Toy Poodle.|I have been thinking about getting a poodle|I see, did you know that the poodle is a group of formal dog breeds?||Oh yeah? You can choose from the Standard, Miniature, or Toy Poodles.
Toy Poodles won ''Best in Show'' at Crufts in 1966 and 1982.|I think i might egt a toy|Toy Poodles won Best in Show in 1966 and 1982 at Crufts.||Good selection. Toy poodles won ''Best in Show'' at Crufts in 1966 and 1982.
The origins of the poodles are still discussed with a dispute over whether the poodle descends from the old French Barbet breed or from Germany as a type of water dog.|How big do they get? do you know|I'm not sure, but the origins of the poodles are still discussed.|They are pretty small and can fit in a purse. The poodle descended from a German water dog or a French Barbet breed.|I am not sure about the answer to that. However, I know that the poodles have a discussed origin. I might have descended from a french or german breed
Ranked second most intelligent dog breed just behind the Border Collie, the poodle is skillful in many dog sports and activities, including agility, obedience, tracking to herding, circus performers or assistance dogs.|Very interesting to know that. What else do you know about them ?|Well, I also know that they are the second most intelligent breed of dog.|Sure, just get one young enough to adapt. They are ranked 2nd most intelligent dog breed behind the Border Collie.|Well, I know that poodles are is in second place as the most intelligent breed of dog
The Boy Scouts of America (BSA) is one of the largest Scouting organizations in the United States of America and one of the largest youth organizations in the United States, with more than 2.4 million youth participants and nearly one million adult volunteers.|I'm a female so have never been in the boy scouts. My brother was a scout though. It seems like a worthwhile organization.|Oh, nice. Did you know that the Boy Scouts of America is one of the largest Scouting organizations in the US?|I think it is! It's also one of the largest scouting organizations in the United States|Yeah, and it is also one of the biggest US Scouting organizations, with over 2.400.000 youth participants
The BSA was founded in 1910, and since then, more than 110 million Americans have been participants in BSA programs at some time.|That's really interesting. Any idea when it was formed?|It was founded in 1910. Over 110 million Americans have been involved in BSA programs since then.||i think it was founded in 1910 and since then more than 110 million americans have been participants
The BSA's goal is to train youth in responsible citizenship, character development, and self-reliance through participation in a wide range of outdoor activities, educational programs, and, at older age levels, career-oriented programs in partnership with community organizations.|That's a lot of people! What sort of activities does the organization have?|I'm not sure, but the BSA's goal is to train youth in character development, responsible citizenship, and self-reliance through outdoor activities.||they participate in a wide range of outdoor activities and educational programs as well
The BSA's goal is to train youth in responsible citizenship, character development, and self-reliance through participation in a wide range of outdoor activities, educational programs, and, at older age levels, career-oriented programs in partnership with community organizations.|That's great! Young people must get so much benefit from being members of such an organization.|I see, well the BSA's goal is to train youth in character development, responsible citizenship, and self-reliance through outdoor activities.|they do! and it's so good for their character development|Yeah, the BSA train their youth in responsible character development and citizenship as well
Boy Scouts may refer to:|It's so important for young people to have diverse interest and develop a wide range of skills, don't you think?|I don't really have an opinion about them, but I know that Boy Scouts can refer to things like:|i agree with you on that! I would want my son to be in boy scouts|Yeah. Boy scouts can also refer to other things
A veterinary physician, usually called a vet, which is shortened from veterinarian (American English, Australian English) or veterinary surgeon (British English), is a professional who practices veterinary medicine by treating diseases, disorders, and injuries in animals.|I have long studied in the Veterinary physician field in order to help animals.|That's nice. Do you practice veterinary medicine?|Nice, being a veterinary physician would be a really rewarding job.|Nice, I know veterinarians treat diseases and disorders in animals. Do you have a specialty?
A veterinary physician, usually called a vet, which is shortened from veterinarian (American English, Australian English) or veterinary surgeon (British English), is a professional who practices veterinary medicine by treating diseases, disorders, and injuries in animals.|Not at the moment. Do you know any tips that might help me?|I do not, but I know that veterinary medicine is done by treating diseases, disorders, and injuries in animals.||Well vets practice veterinary medicine and treat diseases for animals.
A veterinary physician, usually called a vet, which is shortened from veterinarian (American English, Australian English) or veterinary surgeon (British English), is a professional who practices veterinary medicine by treating diseases, disorders, and injuries in animals.|I see, is it for all animals or mostly dogs and cats?|I'm not sure, but I know that vets treat diseases, disorders, and injuries in animals.|All animals really, they even treat disorders and injuries too.|I don't know about all animals, but they are not specifically for dogs and cats. They also treat disorders and injuries, too.
A veterinary physician, usually called a vet, which is shortened from veterinarian (American English, Australian English) or veterinary surgeon (British English), is a professional who practices veterinary medicine by treating diseases, disorders, and injuries in animals.|I had no idea, what kind of disorders to they treat?|I'm not sure, but I know that vets treat diseases, disorders, and injuries in animals.|Vets will treat any disorder in animals, at least if they can.|I don't know what disorders, specifically. I just know it's disorders in animals. What is your interest?
A veterinary physician, usually called a vet, which is shortened from veterinarian (American English, Australian English) or veterinary surgeon (British English), is a professional who practices veterinary medicine by treating diseases, disorders, and injuries in animals.|Oh, OK. I personally want to specialize in dogs only, is this possible?|I'm not sure, but I know that veterinary medicine is done by treating diseases, disorders, and injuries in animals.|I'm sure vets can specialize but I don't think they will have that in their job title as a veterinary physician.|I don't know. I do know that veterinarians are called veterinary surgeons in the UK.
The study of agriculture is known as agricultural science.|hello what do you know about agriculture|Well, I know that the study of agriculture is called agricultural science.||I know the study of agriculture is called agricultural science,
Agricultural science is a broad multidisciplinary field of biology that encompasses the parts of exact, natural, economic and social sciences that are used in the practice and understanding of agriculture.|how does it tie in , into the us|I'm not sure, but I know that agriculturanism is a broad field of biology that encompasses the parts of exact, natural, economic and social sciences that are used in the practice and understanding of agriculture.||it's a broad term that encompasses, biology, and the sciences that are used in understanding agriculture
Agriculture is the cultivation and breeding of animals, plants and fungi for food, fiber, biofuel, medicinal plants and other products used to sustain and enhance life.|thats badass tell me more|Agriculture is the breeding and cultivation of plants, animals, and fungi for food.||lt covers breeding animals, plants fungi, etc.
The history of agriculture by humans dates back thousands of years, and its development has been driven and defined by greatly different climates, cultures, and technologies; industrial agriculture based on large-scale monoculture farming has become the dominant agricultural method.|nice , man keep going|That's nice. The history of agriculture dates back thousands of years.||The history dates back to thousands of years and its driven by different climates, cultures and technologies available,
Reading is a complex ''cognitive process'' of decoding symbols in order to construct or derive meaning (reading comprehension).|I really love to read. What are your favourite books?|I'm a bot, so I can't read. I know that reading is a cognitive process.|I have not read for a long time.|As I am a bot I don't have favorites. But I know some facts about reading. It is a complex process that involver cecoding symbols to derive meaning
Reading is a complex ''cognitive process'' of decoding symbols in order to construct or derive meaning (reading comprehension).|Very interesting. What else do you know ?|Well, I also know that reading is a cognitive process.|Last year.  I only read news online since I have no time.  What is your favorite book?|Well, I know that reading is classified as a cognitive process, a complex one
Wuthering Heights is Emily Brontë's only novel.|Got it, My favourite book is Wuthering Heights.|Oh, that's the only novel by Emily Bronte.||It was written by Emily Bronte, if I am not mistaken.
In its internalisation of the action—the focus is on the gradual unfolding of Jane's moral and spiritual sensibility, and all the events are coloured by a heightened intensity that was previously the domain of poetry—''Jane Eyre'' revolutionised the art of fiction.|That is correct! Her sister was also a famous writer and wrote Jane Eyre.|She revolutionized the art of fiction.|Which one is better, Jane Eyre or her sister's?|Yeah, and Jane Eyre actually was revolutionary for the fiction art
Wuthering Heights is Emily Brontë's only novel.|Yeah, what else Emily Bronte wrote ?|She wrote Wuthering Heights, the only novel she wrote.|I need to read Wuthering Heights.  Thank you for mentioning it.|Wuthering Heights was actualy the only novel of Emily Bronte
It also owns and operates Sam's Club retail warehouses.|Walmart is the only big box store in my town so it's as if we're forced to go there.|Oh, that's nice. Walmart also owns Sam's Club.|I love Walmart! It also owns and operates Sam's Club retail warehouse|Oh really!  Did you know it also owns the retail warehouse Sam's Club?
Walmart has been criticized by groups and individuals, including labor unions and small-town advocates protesting against Walmart policies and business practices and their effects.|I don't like it too much, I prefer Target. Though Sam's Club is much better with their selection.|I see, Walmart has been criticized by labor unions and small-town advocates.|I know not a lot of people like Walmart it was criticized by many groups and individuals, including labor unions|Think so?  Something else I know about Walmart is that groups and individuals have criticized the company, and protested against their business practices and policies and their effects.
Criticisms include charges of racial and gender discrimination, foreign product sourcing, treatment of product suppliers, environmental practices, the use of public subsidies, and the company's security policies.|They seem to be under fire for not paying enough in wages.|I see. I know there are some critics, like racial and gender discrimination, environmental practices, and the company's security policies.|Not only low wages, criticisms include charges of racial and gender discrimination, foreigh product sourcing, etc|Well I don't know about that.  I'm aware they have been criticized about gender and racial discrimination.  Other criticisms include their environmental practices and how they use public subsidies.
Walmart denies any wrongdoing and says that low prices are the result of efficiency.|What about too many hours worked?|I'm not sure, but Walmart says low prices are the result of efficiency.|That too! But Walmart denies any wrongdoing|I'm not sure.  I do know that they deny wrongdoing.  They say that efficiency brings about their low prices.
Walmart has 11,703 stores and clubs in 28countries, operating under 59 differentnames.|They do but I suppose any business would do just the same, try to avoid as much negative press as possible.|I see, did you know they have 11,703 stores in 28 countries?|Yes! No matter what Walmart is one of the most popular stores and it has 11703 stores and clubs in 28 countries|Perhaps. Oh did you know they operate under 59 different names?  They are in 28 countries and have over eleven thoussand stores.
They form a group of plants that can be erect shrubs, climbing or trailing with stems that are often armed with sharp prickles.|I like a lot of different flowers, but roses are my favorite.|Oh, cool! They can be erect shrubs, climb or trailing with stems that are often armed with sharp prickles.|They are pretty, but with the sharp prickles on the stems I would think they are hard to take care of.|Interesting.They often have sharp prickes in their stems
While most garden roses are grown for their flowers, some are also valued for other reasons, such as having ornamental fruit, providing ground cover, or for hedging.|Some varieties probably are, but I had what I call ''farm roses'' that were nearly impossible to kill when I wanted to take them out of one spot.|Oh, that's nice. Most garden roses are grown for their flowers, but some are valued for other reasons, like for hedging or providing ground cover.|Some roses are grown for hedging or ground cover.  Maybe that is what your ''farm roses'' are!|I see, did you know that rosas can be grown for cover or hedging ?
As a commemoration of the dead, the ''rosatio'' developed from the custom of placing flowers at burial sites.|I had no idea. What else do you know ?|Well, I also know that the "rosatio" was a custom of placing flowers at burial sites.||There is a ceremony called the Rosatio to commemorate the dead where roses are placed at burial sites.
In the Roman Empire, Rosalia or Rosaria was a festival of roses celebrated on various dates, primarily in May, but scattered through mid-July.|Interesting. I think I've heard that term before, but never knew about the ceremony.|In the Roman Empire, Rosalia or Rosaria was a festival of roses celebrated on various dates, primarily in May, but scattered through mid-July.|It began from the Roman Empire days as a festival of roses in May.|Got it. Have you ever heard of rosaria ? It was a festival during the roman empire that was celebrated on different dates
Garden roses are predominantly hybrid roses that are grown as ornamental plants in private or public gardens.|I have not. What else do you know about garden roses ?|Well, I also know that they are grown in public or private gardens.||Seems like most roses are hybrid grown for ornamental plants, though.
Over 100 types of cancers affect humans.|Hi, I am worried about my family getting cancer.  Do you know someone who has or had cancer?|I do not, but I know that over 100 types of cancer affect humans.|Yes, I know several people who have had cancer. There are over 100 different types of cancers that can affect people. It is very scary indeed.|No, as a bot, I don't really know people at all. But did you know there are over 100 different types of cancers in humans?
Available vaccines protect against either two, four, or nine types of HPV.|Wow, that is a lot. What are the easier cancers to treat?|I'm not sure, but there are two, four, or nine types of HPV available vaccines.|I think one of the best things we can do for our children to help prevent HPV cancer is to make sure they get the vaccine. It can protect them in up to 9 types of HPV cancer.|I don't know if it causes cancer, but I know there is a vaccine that can prevent up to nine different types of HPV.
Human papillomavirus infection is an infection by ''human papillomavirus'' (HPV).|How prevalent do you think HPV is in children?|I'm not sure, but I know that human papillomavirus is an infection.|It's not a childhood cancer, but they can get the vaccine early (age 12 maybe) to prevent HPV which is an infection that can cause cancer. So it's a cancer that happens later in life but can be prevented early on|I don't really know, I know that HPV stands for human papillomavirus.
Another 10% are due to obesity, poor diet, lack of physical activity, and excessive drinking of alcohol.|Oh, okay. What are some ways to prevent cancers in general if possible?|I'm not sure, but another 10% of cancers are due to obesity, poor diet, and alcohol drinking.|I think generally, eat healthy, exercise, avoid drinking too much alcohol and not smoking are a good place to start|Well, about 10% of cancers are caused by things like obesity, bad diet, lack of exercise, and too much alcohol.
Cancer can be treated by surgery, chemotherapy, radiation therapy, hormonal therapy, targeted therapy (including immunotherapy such as monoclonal antibody therapy) and synthetic lethality.|What is the most common type of cancer treatment?|I'm not sure, but I know that surgery, chemotherapy, and other types of cancer can be treated by cancer.|It depends on the type of cancer, but some treatments could be surgery or chemotherapy, possibly radiation. It all depends on the stage of the cancer.|I don't know which is the most common, but there are lots of treatments, like surgery, chemotherapy, immunotherapy, and others.
Lizards are mainly carnivorous, often being sit-and-wait predators; many smaller species eat insects, while the Komodo eats mammals as big as water buffalo.|I just love lizards.  Do you know how they breed?|I don't know, but they are mostly carnivorous.|I know that they lay eggs and that they are primarily carnivorous and usually wait for prey to approach|I cannot say about how they breed. But did you know they tend to sit around and wait as a way to hunt? One lizard, the Komodo can even eat water buffalo!
Lizards are a widespread group of squamate reptiles, with over 6,000 species, ranging across all continents except Antarctica, as well as most oceanic island chains.|I have heard that they can also live in a number of different climates.|I see, did you know that they are a widespread group of squamate reptiles?||Yes, lizards have over 6,000 species and live in all continents except Antarctica
Lizards make use of a variety of antipredator adaptations, including venom, camouflage, reflex bleeding, and the ability to sacrifice and regrow their tails.|I wonder if one day we will ever discover a lizard on Antarctica.|I'm not sure, but they can also have venom, reflex bleeding, camouflage, and other antipredator adaptations.|It's always possible, lizards have gone through many adaptations including camouflage and venom production, so maybe they will adapt to the cold too|I cannot predict such a thing as a bot. Did you know lizards had gained a number of adaptions to fight predators? Such as camouflage and re-growing limbs?
The adult length of species within the suborder ranges from a few centimeters for chameleons such as ''Brookesia micra'' and geckos such as ''Sphaerodactylus ariasae'' to nearly in the case of the largest living varanid lizard, the Komodo dragon.|No that sounds awesome to have though. Could you name some different lizard types out there?|I'm not sure, but the adult length of the lizard ranges from a few centimeters for chameleons like "Brookesia micra" and a few for "Sphaerodactylus ariasae".|If you want a truly impressive lizard, the komodo dragon is largest living lizard|There are tiny chameleons called "Brookesia micra" to geckoes to the largest varanid lizard, known as the Komodo dragon.
The character is not named after actor and race driver Steve McQueen, but actually Pixar animator Glenn McQueen, who died in 2002.|Do you know Lightning McQueen from the Cars movie. I really liked that character.|I know that Glenn McQueen was the Pixar animator who died in 2002.|Yes I do my grandson loves that car named after Glenn McQueen Pixar animator|Yes, I do. Did you know that he's not named after Steve McQueen, but Glenn McQueen, who was an animator at Pixar?
Lightning McQueen, typically referred to by his surname McQueen, is an anthropomorphic stock car in the animated Pixar film ''Cars'' (2006), its sequels ''Cars 2'' (2011), ''Cars 3'' (2017), and TV shorts known as ''Cars Toons.''|Oh I didn't know who it was named after. I also liked Mater from that movie. He was the tow truck.|That's interesting. Lightning McQueen is a stock car from the Pixar film Cars.|Mater was my favo lol animator Glenn McQueen died in 2002 so the car was named after him|I see, getting back to Lightning McQueen, he's been in several movies and shows, and a few TV shorts. Have you seen them all?
During the scene where he helps restore Radiator Springs to its 1950s heyday, he is painted much like a 1950's Chevrolet Corvette C1, once again hinting at his Corvette lineage.|No, but I probably will. Pixar really makes good movies. Do you know what kind of car Lightning McQueen is?|I don't know, but I know that he restored Radiator Springs back in the 1950s.|Yes in one scene the car helped restore Radiator Springs to its former glory and heydey|Sort of. It's hinted in a scene where he's resroting Radiator Springs that he's a type of Corvette.
Lightning McQueen, typically referred to by his surname McQueen, is an anthropomorphic stock car in the animated Pixar film ''Cars'' (2006), its sequels ''Cars 2'' (2011), ''Cars 3'' (2017), and TV shorts known as ''Cars Toons.''|Oh, I see. Yeah, McQueen was the hero of the movie, along with his friends. I never saw Cars 2 but I heard it was good as well.|Yeah, Cars 2 was a Pixar film.||Oh there are three, Cars1, Cars 2(2011) and Cars 3 (2017)
During the initial research for the first film, John Lasseter met with General Motors designers to discuss the new Corvette design but subsequent changes to the storyline left both Lightning McQueen and rivals Chick Hicks (''Cars'') and Bobby Swift, Brick Yardley, Cal Weathers and Jackson Storm (''Cars 3'') as generic.|Wow, I am way behind. I guess they are very popular with kids. I hope there are more!|I see, did you know that the Corvette was a Corvette?|During original research they actually met with General Motors to discuss the corvette design!|Well, it turns out John Lasseter actually met with GM to make McQueen and some other cars Corvettes, but they ended up being made generic race cars.
The domestic cat (''Felis silvestris catus'' or ''Felis catus'') is a small, typically furry, carnivorous mammal.|I have three cats despite being allergic, lol.|Oh, that's nice. Do you have any other domestic cats? They're a carnivorous mammal.|You just can't resist that small, furry, carnivorous animal's cute face, huh?|I see. What do you like about those small, furry and carnivorous mamals ?
They are often called house cats when kept as indoor pets or simply cats when there is no need to distinguish them from other felids and felines.|I just love them. What else can you tell me about cats ?|Well, I can tell you that cats are often called house cats when they are kept as indoor pets.|They sound like fun cats to have. Are they house cats?|Well, One a cat is kept as an indoor pet it is frequently called house cat. Are yours house cats ?
Under controlled breeding, they can be bred and shown as registered pedigree pets, a hobby known as cat fancy.|Yes, never allowed to roam the wilds.|I see, did you know that under controlled breeding, they can be shown as pedigree pets?||Are your cats registered pedigree pets?
They are often valued by humans for companionship and for their ability to hunt vermin.|Heck no, they are normal ''mutts.''|They are often valued by humans for their companionship and for their ability to hunt vermin.|Mutts always seem to have the best personalities. I bet you really value their companionship and their ability to hunt vermin.|Got it. People often value cats for they companionship and also because they can hunt vermin
Gone with the Wind is a 1939 American epic historical romance film, adapted from Margaret Mitchell's 1936 novel of the same name.|I love classic movies. Have you seen Gone with the wind?|I have not, but I know it was a novel by Margaret Mitchell from 1936.|I have! It is an epic historical romance film, adapted from Margaret Mitchell's 1936 novel!|I'm a bot, so can't watch movies. Did you know that it was adapted from a novel by Margaret Mitchell?
The leading roles are played by Vivien Leigh (Scarlett), Clark Gable (Rhett), Leslie Howard (Ashley), and Olivia de Havilland (Melanie).|Can you tell me who the actors were in the movie? I'm particularly trying to remember Rhett's name.|I can't say but the leading roles are played by Vivien Leigh, Clark Gable, Leslie Howard, and Olivia de Havilland.|Definitely Vivien Leigh! You?|Well, Rhett was played by Clark Gable, and Vivien Leigh played Scarlett. What do you think of their acting?
Set in the American South against the backdrop of the American Civil War and the Reconstruction era, the film tells the story of Scarlett O'Hara, the strong-willed daughter of a Georgia plantation owner, from her romantic pursuit of Ashley Wilkes, who is married to his cousin, Melanie Hamilton, to her marriage to Rhett Butler.|I especially loved Vivien Leigh. She did an amazing job of conveying the story.|Oh, that's nice. The film is set in the American South, and is about Scarlett O'Hara, the plantation owner's daughter.|Everything! I think I just really appreciated the historical context being around the American Civil War!|Ah, yes. The story with Scarlet O'Hara and her romantic pursuits, set during the Civil War.
Filming was delayed for two years because of Selznick's determination to secure Gable for the role of Rhett Butler, and the ''search for Scarlett'' led to 1,400 women being interviewed for the part.|It certainly was an epic movie, I remember it being very long. Do you know anything about how it was made?|I know that the film was delayed for two years due to Selznick's determination to secure Gable for the role of Rhett Butler.||I do! But imagine, the filming was even longer! Filming was delayed for two years just to secure Gable for the role of Rhett Butler!
The Maine Coon is one of the largest domesticated breeds of cat.|Hi, I think the Maine Coo.n cat is so pretty. Can you tell me more about it?|Well, I know that it's one of the largest cat breeds.|Maine Coo.n cats are one of the largest breeds of domesticated cats. They're gorgeous.|Oh sure!  For starters, amongst domesticated cat breeds, they are some of the largest!
No records of the Maine Coon's exact origins and date of introduction to the United States exist, so several competing hypotheses have been suggested.|Wow, I didn't realize they were much bigger than other cats. Where did they come from?|I'm not sure, but there are no records of their origins and their introduction to the US.||There actually aren't any records of their exact origins or date of introduction into the United States, so it's hard to say.
It is one of the oldest natural breeds in North America, specifically ''native'' to the state of Maine (though the feline was simply introduced there), where it is the official state cat.|Interesting, I take it they are common in the northeast, perhaps Maine?|I'm not sure, but they are one of North America's oldest natural breeds.||They are, they've even been said to be ''native'' to the state of Maine. They're the official state cat.
It is characterized by a prominent ruff along its chest, robust bone structure, triangular body shape, an uneven two layered coat with longer guard hairs with a silky satin under layer undercoat, and a long, bushy tail.|Oh wow. I wonder if they do better in a colder climate due to all the excess fur. They seem to be big furballs!|I'm not sure, but they have a prominent ruff along their chest, robust bone structure, triangular body shape, and a bushy tail.|They very well may prefer cooler temperatures with their prominent ''ruff'' of fur along the chest and uneven two-layered coat and bushy tail.|I don't know, but they do have a coat that is two layered!  They have a silky undercoat, and longer guard hairs.  They've got a bushy long tail, a ruff along the chest, and a bone structure that is robust..
The breed's colors vary widely, with only lilac and chocolate disallowed for pedigree.|Next time I visit that area I will try to see if I can find one. I would love to take some great photos of these beautiful cats!|Nice! They have a variety of colors, but only lilac and chocolate are disallowed for pedigree.|They are gorgeous, indeed. They come in a wide range of colors. For showing, the only disqualified colors are lilac and chocolate.|Cool!  Oh did you know they have a large range of colors?  Lilac and chocolate are disqualified for showing though.
The domestic dog (''Canis lupus familiaris'' or ''Canis familiaris'') is a member of the genus ''Canis'' (canines), which forms part of the wolf-like canids, and is the most widely abundant terrestrial carnivore.|I have two dogs! Do you have any dogs, or a favorite breed?|I'm a bot, so I can't have dogs. I know that dogs are part of the genus Canis.|My favorite breed of domestic dog is the Golden Retriever.|As I am a bot I don't really have favorites. Did you know that they are the terrestrial carnivore that is the most abundant widely?
The domestic dog (''Canis lupus familiaris'' or ''Canis familiaris'') is a member of the genus ''Canis'' (canines), which forms part of the wolf-like canids, and is the most widely abundant terrestrial carnivore.|Very interesting. what else do you know ?|Well, I also know that dogs are the most abundant terrestrial carnivore.|I know, I really want a Golden retriever dog as a member of my family.|Well, I alos know that the domestic dog is part of the Canis genus
The dog and the extant gray wolf are sister taxa as modern wolves are not closely related to the wolves that were first domesticated, which implies that the direct ancestor of the dog is extinct.|Good to know that. Anything else you can teach me ?|Well, the dog's direct ancestor is extinct.|It's weird to think that dogs are related to the sister taxa of gray wolf.|Sure, did you know tha the direct dog ancestor is actually extinct ?
Dogs vary widely in shape, size and colors.|I didn't know that. I can see that some dogs are very small while others are very large|I see, well they vary a lot in shape, color and size.||I can see it too. Dogs can also really vary in shape and size.
Dogs vary widely in shape, size and colors.|Yes, small breeds like Chihuahuas to bigger breeds like a Great Dane or Saint Bernards. There are some huge dogs!|Oh, yeah? They can vary a lot in shape, color and size.|I love Saint Bernards! They are such big dogs, and they can vary in shape, size, and color so much.|Yeah, dogs also vary in colors
In humans, usually only pubescent or adult males are able to grow beards.|i like beards|I see, did you know that in humans only pubescent or adult males can grow beards?||Adult males are usually the ones who grow them!
From an evolutionary viewpoint the beard is a part of the broader category of androgenic hair.|yea makes sense|I see, well, the beard is a part of the broader category of androgenic hair.||Androgenic hair is generally what beards are classified under.
The evolutionary loss of hair is pronounced in some populations such as indigenous Americans and some east Asian populations, who have less facial hair, whereas people of European or South Asian ancestry and the Ainu have more facial hair.|oh ok i didnt know that.|Some populations like indigenous Americans have less hair, while others have more hair.||Some people have less facial hair, and some groups have more facial hair than others.
The evolutionary loss of hair is pronounced in some populations such as indigenous Americans and some east Asian populations, who have less facial hair, whereas people of European or South Asian ancestry and the Ainu have more facial hair.|thats cool, seems like middle easteners grow a lot|Yeah, and some populations like the east Asians have less hair, while others have more hair.|Indian, Middle Eastern, and European areas are known for beards!|Yeah, people from South Asian and Europe have more hair in the face than east asian people
However, in cultures where facial hair is uncommon (or currently out of fashion), beards may be associated with poor hygiene or a ''savage'', uncivilized, or even dangerous demeanor.|oh wow i didnt think euros would be on the same level|I don't know about that but in cultures where facial hair is uncommon, beards can be associated with poor hygiene or a ''savage'' or even dangerous demeanor.||Beards can be associated with poor hygiene in certain areas.
Scottie Maurice Pippen (born September 25, 1965) is an American former professional basketball player who played in the National Basketball Association.|I've been getting into athleticism and working out recently and it's been great.|Oh, cool! Did you know that Scottie Maurice Pippen was born in 1965?|Scottie Pippen was my favorite basketball player.|Interesting. Do you like basketball ? Scottie is a former player of this sport
Nicknamed ''Pip,'' he is most remembered for his time with the Chicago Bulls, the team with which he won six NBA titles.|I love braket. What else can you tell?|Well, I can tell you that he won six NBA titles with the Chicago Bulls.||His nickname was Pip and he won six title with the Bulls.
The Bulls compete in the National Basketball Association (NBA) as a member of the league's Eastern Conference Central Division.|That's pretty impressive! That's a weird nickname though haha.|They are also part of the Eastern Conference Central Division.||The Bulls are in the Central Division in the Eastern Conference.
The team was founded on January 16, 1966.|Cool, again I don't really follow sports so I don't really know much about the Bulls.|They were founded in 1966.||The team was founded on January 16 1966.
The team plays its home games at the United Center, an arena shared with the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League (NHL).|Wow that's so long ago, they must have gone through a lot of different players.|Yeah, and they play at the United Center, which is shared with the Blackhawks.||Yes and they play at the United Center which they share with the Chicago Blackhawks.
It may be done as a form of religious devotion, as a hobby, as a source of pleasure, comfort or ritual, as part of music education or as a profession.|I love to sing how about you?|I'm a bot, so I can't sing. I know it can be done as a hobby, as a source of pleasure, as a ritual, or as part of music education.|Hey, just your luck!  I'm a professional singer!  I sing as religious devotion and as a hobby too - it provides me a lot of pleasure!|As I am a bot that would not be posible. But Speaking of it, did you know that i can be done as source of pleasure, hoby, or even relegious devotion?
that can be sung with or without accompaniment by musical instruments.|That's so nice, please tell me more|Sure, you can sing with or without accompaniment by musical instruments.|I sang in front of a crowd of 1,000 just last week, and was really nervous!  Thank goodness I was accompanied by people playing musical instruments!|Sure, people can sing accompanied or not by instruments
Excellence in singing requires time, dedication, instruction and regular practice.|Very interesting. I wish i learned to sing sooner|That's nice. Do you have an excellent singing experience? It requires time, dedication, and regular practice.|I was just a wee one when I started singing - 4 years old! And to get where I am today took a lot of  time, dedication, instruction and regular practice|I see, achieving singing excellence actually requires dadication time as well as regular practice
If practice is done on a regular basis then the sounds can become more clear and strong.|That's amazing. What's your favorite song?|I'm a bot, so I don't have favorites. I know that if practice is done on regular basis, the sounds can become more strong and clear.|I absolutely love to sing Amazing Grace!  Such a beautiful song!  And I learned that with a lot of practice, the sounds can become more clear and strong!|As I am a bot I don't have favorites. Clearer and stronger sounds can be achieved with regular practice